Get Virtual Phone Number Extensions for Your Business | Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Virtual phone number extensions for your small business. Appear bigger and more established with virtual phone extensions from Grasshopper. Start a free trial What are phone extensions? Included in each Grasshopper plan, virtual phone extensions allow you to automatically route callers to the information, department, or employee that they need. With informational extensions, you can share information when customers call (“press 1 for our business hours and location”). Or simply direct customers to the right department or person (“press 2 for sales, 3 for support”). Virtual phone extensions are cloud-based, so incoming calls to your business number can be re-routed to any mobile device, or automated message, you choose. How to get virtual phone extensions for your business: Grasshopper offers phone numbers with extensions that are simple to set up. Get Grasshopper Choose a toll-free or local number and select a plan that fits your needs. Adjust Settings Easily customize your extension settings from within your online account. Try it Out Call your business number and see how professional it sounds! Start a free trial What are the benefits of phone number extensions? Sound more professional by automatically answering calls with useful info about your company. Make your business look bigger with extensions for separate departments (even if they all forward back to you!). Distribute calls evenly to team members or to the next available with customizable call routing extensions. Enable your employees to customize their extensions with their own voicemail and call forwarding rules. The simple choice for small business phone extensions. Get a Grasshopper virtual phone system with extensions, no extra hardware needed. With Grasshopper, you can outfit any phone with extensions – plus a whole lot more. Take advantage of tools like: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, custom greetings, and lots more. The ability to send and receive text messages on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you’re always connected, even when you’re on the go. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions How do I add an extension to a phone number? Simple! If you have an existing number, we can port it to Grasshopper for you so you can add an extension. If you decide to get a new number from Grasshopper, it’s even easier. Just sign in and add extensions to the phone number from the Extensions page. How many extensions can I have with Grasshopper? Depends on the Grasshopper plan you purchase. Currently, Solo comes with three extensions, Partner with six, and Small Business with as many as you want! See our plans & pricing. Can I use Grasshopper for existing phone numbers with extensions in my office? Yes! Grasshopper can forward calls to many existing PBX phone systems using our virtual PBX feature, which allows you to enter pauses and extension numbers instead of a simple telephone number. Does Grasshopper offer toll-free extensions? Absolutely. All of our toll-free or vanity phone numbers have them by default. These toll-free extensions for phones acts like regular toll-free numbers do. Customers call free while you pick up the tab. Get virtual phone extensions from Grasshopper. Easily present a bigger and more professional appearance to customers. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway