Call Forwarding Service for Businesses | Try Grasshopper for Free! ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Forward your business calls anywhere. Answer calls wherever, whenever, with call forwarding from Grasshopper. Start a free trial What is call forwarding? Call forwarding is a phone system feature that works by redirecting any incoming call to another phone number or service. For example, you can use call forwarding to send a call directly to voicemail, to your home phone, or to a colleague’s smartphone. This feature is also often referred to as “call transfer.” Why should I get a call forwarding solution? Forward any incoming calls to multiple phones at once to ensure every call is always answered. Use the settings to create a custom schedule that forwards incoming calls to different numbers depending on the time of the day. Appear local to your customers by getting a number with a local area code and having it forwarded to your line. Save time by forwarding customer calls and questions directly to informational extensions. Redirect calls to pre-recorded greetings – you can pitch to potential customers while they wait! No need to worry if it’s right for your business — call forwarding is included at no additional cost when you sign up for a Grasshopper phone number. Get started with a 7-day free trial. No credit card required. Simply confirm your number, create an account, and log in to start your free trial. Start a free trial Ensure calls are answered with call forwarding. Start receiving calls for your business whenever and wherever you want. By getting your phone number through Grasshopper, you also get access to a ton of great features: A full virtual phone system with call forwarding, VoIP, voicemail transcription, and many more calling features. SMS texts that you can send and receive on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you never miss a call, even when you're not in the office. How to set up call forwarding: Grasshopper makes it easy to use the call forwarding feature on your business line. Once you’ve chosen a number and signed up, go to Settings > Call Forwarding Settings > Extensions. Click edit next to the number of an extension, or create a new one. Select how you want Grasshopper to handle incoming and unanswered calls for each number you enter. You can forward to a cell phone or landline. Determine what time of day you want each number to receive calls. Configure your own schedule based on the time of day and which phone you’ll be using. Choose which order you want Grasshopper to call each number, either in order if there is no answer or simultaneously. To deactivate a number, click delete. A virtual phone system in your pocket. Grasshopper gives you the features you need to stay connected on the go. Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Call Recording Set up automatic recording for all inbound calls, all outbound calls, or both. Available on every extension. Frequently Asked Questions How can I pick my own phone number? It's easy. Think of a vanity number you'd like and run it through our number search tool. We'll check every available toll-free prefix to see if it's available for you! What is call blasting? With call blasting enabled, you can ring as many as 15 phone numbers at one time to help ensure a customer's call is answered. Please note the call blasting is a paid add-on feature to your account. Is it difficult to change the rules for forwarding calls? Nope! Simply click on Extensions under your settings, click “edit” next to the number you want to change the rules for, and follow the instructions underneath. What does a caller hear while waiting for me to answer? Grasshopper offers three flexible settings for determining what callers hear while their calls is being forwarded: a transfer greeting, on-hold music, or simple ringing. You can customize both the transfer greeting and hold music through their settings. How many telephone numbers can I forward calls to? Each Grasshopper extension can forward calls to up to 15 numbers. Can calls be forwarded to non-Grasshopper numbers? Yes. However, the Grasshopper app allows call forwarding to 10-digit numbers only. It can not forward calls to a softphone that is only assigned an IP address. Can I set business hours to send calls to voicemail when I'm not at work? Yes, each call forwarding number can have specific hours for when it will accept calls. Additionally, you can set daily, weekly, and vacation schedules to route calls to their desired destinations. Can I have a local number on my Grasshopper account as well as a toll free number? Yes, simply open the Grasshopper mobile app, go to Settings > Call Forwarding Settings, and choose which extension you would like to update. At this point you will be able to change the current call forwarding number, add a new target, or delete an existing one. Can I forward calls to international numbers? Yes, Grasshopper lets you forward calls all over the globe. Please note that you will need to have international calling enabled to support this. Please contact support for details. Can I forward calls from an 800 number? You can! Grasshopper provides toll-free 800 number forwarding in addition to local number forwarding. Once you have signed up, you can easily add more numbers and set up call forwarding for each. Forward your business calls anywhere. Answer calls wherever, whenever, with Grasshopper’s call forwarding service. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway