VoIP Business Call Analytics and Reporting - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Keep track of your calls with VoIP analytics. Know your business communication inside out with detailed call tracking analytics metrics from Grasshopper. Start a free trial What VoIP analytics does Grasshopper offer? Grasshopper has three different types of reports that let you dive into every aspect of your calls and see how your business is doing. Usage Reports let you view metrics, like average call length. Detail Reports offer information about calls during a given period, from caller IDs to extensions to destination numbers. Finally, Activity Reports provide an overview of calls by type, such as voicemails, hang-ups or faxes. How to track your call analytics: Grasshopper makes it simple to get data on your business call history. Get Grasshopper Choose a toll-free or local number and select a plan that fits your needs. Adjust Settings Easily customize your system settings from within your online account. Run a Report Once you’ve had a few calls, head to the Reports tab and select Run Now on the report you want. Start a free trial What are the benefits of call tracking metrics and analytics? Keep an eye on company performance with detailed numbers on call activity. See whether employees are answering calls and having conversations. Easily check for missed calls or hang-ups that you should respond to. Better understand the customer profile of your inbound callers. Grasshopper is the simple choice for detailed call analytics. Run custom call reports and track your growing business. In addition to usage reports, Grasshopper comes with many great communication features: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, custom greetings, and more. Toll-free, vanity and local numbers that help you build your brand SMS texts that you can send and receive on your business number Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions What do the call reports show? Lots of metrics for your call activity. Reports include time and date, caller ID, extension dialed, duration, call type, and more. You can view all calls or narrow your search to only include specific information. Can I export reports with my call tracking metrics? Of course! Once you’ve ran a report, you can download a CSV copy of the report to view the data. What does Call Blasting cost? Only for 90 days. Older reports are automatically deleted from the dashboard, so we recommend that you download copies of completed reports to keep for your records long term. Call metrics give you the bigger picture. Get insights into your business communication with call tracking metrics from Grasshopper. Start a free trial Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway