Vanity Phone Numbers from Grasshopper | Free Trial Available! ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Get a vanity number for your business. Search for a memorable toll-free number, unique to your company! 1-800 Enter a search term. Search Use up to 7 Letters OR Numbers Shorter terms are more likely to return a match Example Numbers: (800) FLOWERS, (877) 526 JOHN, (855) 2GET FIT Select from these closest available matches: 800, 833, 844, 855, 866, 877, and 888 numbers are ALL toll free! Oops, something went wrong. Please try again. What is a vanity number? A vanity number is a toll-free phone number that spells out a memorable word or phrase. They can be used to create an 800 number for a recognizable brand name like 1-800-FLOWERS. Other companies want an easy-to-remember toll-free number for use in advertising (like 1-800-GoFedEx). Custom phone numbers are available, with many toll-free prefixes, including 800, 844, 855, 866, 877 and 888. How to get a vanity number: It’s easy to find and use a toll-free vanity number through Grasshopper. Pick a Number Our number lookup tool lets you search available vanity numbers for your company. Pick a Plan Choose a plan that meets your business goals and sign up today. Get Started Download the app and use your vanity number to call and text as soon as you're signed up. Pick a vanity number Grasshopper makes it quick and simple to select and use a vanity number. Why should I use a vanity number? Build a business identity that people won't soon forget. Make your business cards, website and brand more recognizable. Make your company look bigger and more established. Expand your reach with a toll-free number for clients nationwide. Generate more leads – studies show that vanity numbers drive more traffic. Our free trial lets you test out your vanity number. Get started with a 7-day free trial. No credit card required. Simply confirm your number, create an account, and log in to start your free trial. Start a free trial Starting with your vanity number. Powerful features for running a business. Business Texting Use your business number to send and receive texts. Communicate with customers from your Grasshopper business number with text messages, at any time. Use a communication channel that more and more customers prefer. Confirm client appointment times in writing with text confirmations. Respond to missed calls and voicemails, even when you can’t talk. Communicate visually through business MMS picture messages. Custom Main Greetings Create a customized business greeting. A custom phone greeting lets you record a business voicemail on your personal phone and can: Use an auto attendant to welcome and direct your customers. Let callers know when you’re available or away. Give your small business a professional appearance. Save on labor costs. Mobile Apps Run your business while on the go. Grasshopper’s mobile app lets you stay in touch no matter where you are. Work from anywhere and on any device. Use the app to send and receive texts from your business number. View your caller ID, call history, and read voicemail transcriptions. Keep your business and personal calls and texts separate. A professional phone system for small businesses. A custom phone number that you can use today, and much more. When you buy a vanity phone number through Grasshopper, you get many powerful features to go with it: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, voicemail transcription, call-forwarding, and lots more. The ability to send and receive text messages on your vanity number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you never miss a call, even when you’re away. A virtual phone system in your pocket. Grasshopper gives you the features you need to stay connected on the go. Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Call Recording Set up automatic recording for all inbound calls, all outbound calls, or both. Available on every extension. Frequently Asked Questions Can I get a local vanity phone number? Not at this time. We do not offer vanity numbers, but you can select a number for your local area code from our inventory. Offering a familiar local number along with a vanity toll-free number is a great way to maximize your reach. Can I send and receive text messages with my vanity number? In the US, yes! Text messaging is available for US-based toll free vanity numbers. We currently do not support text messaging for vanity toll-free numbers in Canada. (But we're working on it!) However, we do offer text messaging to local phone numbers in Canada. How can I pick my own phone number? It's easy. Think of a vanity number you'd like and run it through our number search tool. We'll check every available toll-free prefix to see if it's available for you! Here are some tips for picking a vanity number: 1. Choose a word or phrase that incorporates the name or benefit of your company. 2. Use an 833 prefix—you’ll find more available options than 800 area codes. 3. Pick an easy-to-spell number and avoid unique spellings. 4. Avoid hybrid numbers (a combination of numbers and letters). Can I port my vanity number? Yes, number porting your vanity number to Grasshopper is quick and easy. We'll provide you with a transfer form as soon as you sign up. There is no porting fee, and once we confirm the transfer went through, you are good to go. How much does a vanity number cost? Grasshopper offers pricing options for every size business. Our “Solo” plan starts at just $26/month for one number and three extensions. Our popular “Partner” plan includes three numbers and six extensions for $44/month, and our “Small Business” option includes five lines and unlimited extensions for $80/month. Try us out with our free 7-day trial. What are the benefits of using a vanity phone number? A vanity number can make your business look bigger and business owners more professional. The right number is easy to remember, speaks directly to what your company offers, and will make your brand instantly recognizable. Plus, a toll-free number can expand your reach to clients nationwide and is easy to feature on business cards. Get a vanity number for your small business. Stand out from the crowd with a memorable number from Grasshopper. Pick a vanity number Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway