Business Phone System Setups in 30 Minutes - Grasshopper Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Business Phone System Setups in 30 Minutes Follow the step-by-step guide below You’ve opened your doors for business, and you can’t wait to get things going. As you set up your systems, you start to wonder about phones. Should you use your personal cell phone or get a fancy office phone system? Hm… what to do! Let’s be real: wires, bulky phones, and a big headache are not what you want in setting up a phone system. As a small business or startup owner, you want something seamless and easy as pie. That’s why we’re going to show you how to get going in 30 minutes. All you need is a cell phone or landline! Follow the step-by-step guide below and have your business phone system set up completed in as little as 30 minutes. Choosing a Phone System Before you get started with your setup, you’ll need to choose a phone system. As a startup or small business, one dropped call could make the difference between viability and entrepreneurial failure. A virtual phone system (like Grasshopper) is reliable and extremely affordable—the perfect solution. Not only can you take advantage of extensions and online phone management tools, you can also complete your setup on your own without spending hundreds of dollars for professional installation services. Step 1: Sign Up and Pick Your Business Number The idea of setting up a phone system with multiple extensions may seem like an impossible dream. Because Grasshopper is a virtual phone carrier, installation does not require knowledge of telecommunications, wiring, and receivers. You simply have to sign up, then pick a number. You can forward this number to any existing cell phone or landline. You can select either (or both) a local or toll-free number for local and long-distance customers. You can even get a vanity number (like 1-844-GRASSHOPPER) to show off your brand. If you want to keep an existing number, you can do that, too. The world is your oyster—choose a number. Looking for the perfect number for your business? Look no further. Join over 300,000 Entrepreneurs No expensive hardware to purchase or install Forward calls anywhere, any time Get your number » or See How it Works » Step 2: Record Your Main Message Once you have selected your phone number, you can record a custom greeting. This message will be the first thing customers hear when they contact your place of business, so make sure the message is well-versed and professional. Choose a team member with a polite tone and follow the prompts to set your recording (if you don’t have team members with voices perfect for phone greetings, we offer a professional voice studio feature). Step 3: Adding Extensions Extensions allow you to set up individual extensions for employees and executives at no extra cost. You can also add department extensions for larger offices. When a customer calls, they will be given the option to call a specific extensions to reach a specific person/department or search by name. Step 4: Start Receiving Calls Once you have selected a phone number, set up a custom message, and assigned extensions, you are ready to receive calls, voicemails, and faxes. You can manage your phone calls and voicemails online or directly from your phone. Setting up your virtual system has never been easier. No more waiting for a tech to come and install your systems! Visit Our Knowledgebase to Learn More about Setting Up in 30 Minutes: We’ve explained how to set up and get going today, but it doesn’t have to stop here. We have tons of other features that you may want to consider. Visit our Knowledgebase to learn more: Getting Started Guide How do I put a call on hold or transfer a call? How will I know when someone is calling my Grasshopper line? What if I want my Grasshopper calls to go to my phone’s voicemail? …And much more. Popular Content How to Effectively Introduce Your Business to Potential Customers Engage Your Customers with Perfect Welcome Emails Online Payment Solutions - Google Checkout vs PayPal vs Amazon Payments The Startup's Guide To Virtual Phone Systems 10 Must Read Blogs for Entrepreneurs Ultimate Guide to Startup Competitions Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds