Help Starting Your Own Business - Resources from Grasshopper Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Assistance for Starting Your Business We get it. Starting a business is a complicated and sometimes overwhelming ordeal. With that in mind we've put together some comprehensive resources to help answer questions, outline the path forward, give some suggestions from our own experience, and lend a helping hand to fellow entrepreneurs. Previous Next Jump: The Ultimate Guide to Growing Your Business Ready to start your own business? We’re here to help with this complete guide. It’s time to do what you love. Now JUMP. Entrepreneurship Built to Succeed - a Fireside Chat Hosted by Grasshopper Industry experts discussing entrepreneurship that is future-proof with specific areas of focus including growing your business, reaching your audience, and managing the work-life balance. Startup Competition Guide: A Giant List of The Best Business Contests The competitions listed here offer more than $3 million in fuel for your dreams. Ready to grab your piece of the pie? Slide one Slide two Slide three A Complete GuideBusiness Equity for Entrepreneurs and Small Businesses Find out everything you need to know about equity for entrepreneurs and small businesses. Financing and compensation, negotiating deals and so much more. Branding QuizCompany Color Quiz - Choose the Right Color for Your Brand With 93% of shoppers influenced by colors and visual appearance, make sure you pick the right colors for your company. Use our color quiz to pick the best one! Compare Crowdfunding PlatformsKickstarter vs. GoFundMe vs. Indiegogo - Crowdfunding Platforms Comparison Crowdfunding is an important part of growing your business. We've compared Kickstarter, GoFundMe and Indiegogo so you make the best choice for your business. Cover your assets Small Business & Startup Insurance: What Do You Need? Insurance can protect your business, so it's a good idea to get informed. In this post, we explain the different types of insurance to help you out! How Running a Business is Like Casting a Movie A Concise Guide To The 7 Best States for Incorporating Top 30 Cities for Entrepreneurs to Open a Small Business in the US Fantasies vs Realities of Startups How to Pick a Startup Funding Strategy How to Attract Investors and Funding for Your Business Corporate Core Values and the Companies That Do Them Well Small Business Loans: 6 Myths Debunked Where Should You Turn First For Funding? Fund Your Startup: What Options Are Best For You? The Harsh Realities of Starting a Small Business Virtual Assistants for Entrepreneurs: 10 Tasks They Can Do 7 Crowdfunding Platforms Compared Want to get new content like this from us each month? Sign up for our newsletter! »× Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds