Call Management System for Small Business Calls - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Take control with a call management system. Get calls when and where you want them with incoming call management from Grasshopper. Start a free trial What is a call management system? A business call management system allows you to customize how and when you receive calls. There are many options! For example, you can set business hours and an away greeting to greet callers outside of 9-5. Or you could close your Sales extension but leave Support open to help. For an additional fee, you can even have Grasshopper ring all your forwarding numbers at once. This prevents customers from being kept waiting if a team member is busy. How to track your call metrics: Grasshopper makes it simple to get data on your business call history. Get Grasshopper Sign up today and choose a local, toll-free, or vanity number for your business. Or, port your current number! Add Extensions Enter your call forwarding numbers and business schedule in your online account. Adjust Settings Edit your phone extensions to change which greetings will play when you’re closed or away. Start a free trial What are the benefits of a business call management system? Business hours: Set up a call schedule so you get calls only when you want them. Different schedules: Customize by individual extensions so people can still take calls after hours if they want. Call blocking: Prevent spam and unwanted callers by blocking numbers from your call history. Call blasting: Ring all your forwarding numbers simultaneously so calls get answered quicker (paid add-on). Grasshopper is the simple way to manage business calls. Stay connected and in control of your business communication. Incoming call management ensures business takes place on your terms. But Grasshopper can help you with even more, including: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, custom greetings, and more. Toll-free, vanity and local numbers that help you build your brand SMS texts that you can send and receive on your business number Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions Can each forwarding number have their own hours? Absolutely! A custom call schedule can be set for your entire account or for a specific extension. This is helpful if someone’s on vacation or if you’ve got team members on different shifts. In your online account, select the extension you want to update and click Edit to set a custom schedule. What does Call Blasting cost? $10 per month. To turn on Call Blasting, go to Settings, click Features and then select Add Call Blasting. It’ll automatically turn on for all your extensions, but you can customize it for each number in their Options menu. How do I block a number? It’s easy to do in your online account and in the Grasshopper mobile apps. If you’re online, visit the Messages & Calls section and find the number you want to block. Then in the More drop-down menu, select Block! In the mobile app, head to the recent calls section, tap the information icon next to the number and select Add to Block Numbers. That’s it! Take control of your incoming calls. Manage incoming business calls like a professional with Grasshopper. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway