Celebrating Women's History Month - Women in Business Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Women in Business How Women Entrepreneurs Have Grown Through the Years Before there was Oprah, Ariana Huffington, and Sheryl Sandberg, there was Sarah Breedlove. Sarah – better known as Madam C.J. Walker – was the first woman entrepreneur in history. This Women’s History Month, we’re going to take a look back at her accomplishments and other women who have shaped the business world for women today. What Madam C.J. Walker Taught Us About Entrepreneurship Lesson 1: Gain knowledge and experience first. Then make it your own – but better. Walker’s story to becoming the first self-made millionaire in the U.S. is a prime lesson on the steps you need to take to become a successful entrepreneur. In 1904, Walker had been selling hair products for Annie Turnbo Malone, an African American hair-care entrepreneur herself. Walker used every minute of her time with Malone to eventually develop her own product line. Lesson 2: Build a team you can trust to make the dream work. By 1906, Walker was married to Charles Walker, who eventually became her business partner and helped her market her brand. The dynamic duo would travel all over the Southern and Eastern United States, while Walker’s daughter stayed in Denver, Colorado to help with the mail orders. Lesson 3: Wait for signs it’s time to grow your staff and relocate your business. By 1910, Walker was on her way to success and moved her business to Indianapolis, Indiana, where she settled the headquarters for the Madame C.J. Walker Manufacturing Company. Her headquarters included a house, factory, laboratory, and later a beauty school so she could train her sales agents. With business taking off, Walker was able to hire both management and sales teams. Lesson 4: Make your business mission more than just about the product. After 1911, Walker’s business soared and her brand become more than just a beauty product, but instead an overall movement for empowering other women – particularly, other women entrepreneurs. Lesson 5: Know your product and market audience. Walker’s success is largely due to her ability to recognize a problem, gain the knowledge and experience to solve it, and put together a dream team. But what made her success skyrocket in such a short amount of time were her sales skills. Walker was known for going door-to-door to sell her beauty products and actually showing women how to use it. Her networking built her a community of supporters all over the United States. In addition, when she had the revenue to broadcast her brand even more, she advertised in newspapers and magazines. Women in Business Today According to the 2016 State of Women-Owned Business Report by American Express OPEN, women-owned businesses are on the rise. In fact, women-owned businesses grew five times the national average between 2007 and 2016. To put that in perspective, here are a few more stats from the report: Women now own 38% of all businesses in the U.S. There are over 11.3 million women-owned businesses in the U.S. 6.3 million businesses are owned by Caucasian women 1.9 million businesses are owned by African American women 1.9 million businesses are owned by Hispanic women 922,700 businesses are owned by Asian women Women as Entrepreneurs According to Inc.com, 18% of all startups today have at least one female founder. A few of the richest female entrepreneurs in the U.S. today, include: Diane Hendricks: Co-founder and Chairman of ABC Supply with a net worth of $5.4 billion Doris Fisher: Co-founder of Gap with a net worth of $2.6 billion Marian Ilitch: Founder of Little Caesars pizza restaurant with a net worth of $2.1 billion. Pleasant Rowland: Creator of the American Girl dolls with a net worth of $300 million Jessica Alba: Co-founder of the nontoxic household-good startup The Honest Company with a net worth of $340 million Women are starting businesses in every industry, with the health care and social assistance industries seeing the most women-owned businesses. The American Express OPEN report also shows women in the following industries: Source: American Express OPEN report Where the Ladies At? On a global level, the top three countries for female entrepreneurship include the United States, Australia and Canada. Within the U.S., states that have seen the fastest growth of companies founded by women include: According to Business News Daily, the top five best places for women-owned businesses include: Sante Fe, New Mexico Boulder, Colorado Monroe, Michigan Racine, Wisconcin Ocean City, New Jersey So how does one become the next Madam C.J. Walker? Well, by keeping the following do’s and don’ts in mind: Don’ts Don’t try to wear the pants: Aspiring female entrepreneurs often feel that in order to beat the men in business, they have to adopt the “male attitude.” FALSE. Women should remember that they got this far by being themselves. Don’t be afraid to fail: According to Babson College’s 2012 Global Entrepreneur Monitor, the fear of failure is the top concern women entrepreneurs have. Don’t forget about the funds: One of the top challenges women entrepreneurs do face is getting funding. According to Inc.com, women have a hard time raising funds offline. Online, however, female founders perform equal to or better than men. Do’s Do continue to support each other: According to Inc.com, 94% of decision makers at venture capitalist funds are male. Venture capital firms with women partners, however, are more than twice as likely to invest in companies with a woman on the executive team. Do continue to manage work-life balance: Aspiring female entrepreneurs often fear that success will take a toll on family life when, in fact, in a PayPal survey, 55% of American women entrepreneurs said they were motivated to start their own business to achieve better work-life balance. Quick Links for Women Entrepreneurs National Women’s Business Council 37 Angels U.S. Women’s Chamber of Commerce U.S. Small Business Administration Popular Content How to Effectively Introduce Your Business to Potential Customers Engage Your Customers with Perfect Welcome Emails Online Payment Solutions - Google Checkout vs PayPal vs Amazon Payments The Startup's Guide To Virtual Phone Systems 10 Must Read Blogs for Entrepreneurs Ultimate Guide to Startup Competitions Want to get new content like this from us each month? Sign up for our newsletter! »× Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds