Company Color Quiz - Choose the Right Color for Your Brand Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates What Color Should Your Branding Be? Take Our Color Quiz! Did you know 93 percent of shoppers make purchase decisions based on color and visual appearance? With a stat like that, you better be picking the right colors for logos, websites, mailings, and other swag that comes from your business. Take our color quiz to determine which colors are right for your company! Start the quiz! Share this quiz on Source: KissMetrics 1. What best describes your customers? They're impulse buyers They're very budget-conscious They expect a longterm relationship with your company They're willing to pay a high price for premium They're young and excited about what you offer « Back Question 1 of 7 Next » 2. Would you rather… instill an urgency to act now? make sure customers feel secure in their decision? make your customers feel excited and unique? convince your customers your product is luxe? show customers they're making a difference in the world? make your customers feel passionate and romantic? « Back Question 2 of 7 Next » 3. Who is your product and service for? Professionals and/or other businesses Young people and children Women and girls Average consumers Luxury buyers « Back Question 3 of 7 Next » 4. Which of these logos appeals to you? « Back Question 4 of 7 Next » 5. Which phrase best describes your company's blog? Promotional with conversion in mind Friendly, fun, and written for customers Full of tips and tricks for decision-making Written with changing the world in mind Informational and news-like « Back Question 5 of 7 Next » 6. What feelings would you like your product or service to invoke? Serenity, peacefulness, and safety Power and luxury The meditative calm of the natural world Youthful, fun-filled energy Urgency and need to act fast Feminine energy and passion « Back Question 6 of 7 Next » 7. If your product/service was a car, what would it be? Fast racecar-type car, sportscar Grandma car (Crown Vic) or Toyota Camry VW Bug Prius Lamborghini « Back Question 7 of 7 Next » The results are in! You should paint your business in: Blue start over Blue Blue is a trusting and secure color, conjuring up the feeling of calm and even spirituality. It's often used in corporate designs and is well-known as a favorite color. Blue is loyal, dependable, and it's a great color to use if you want your customers to trust you. Blue is also appealing to shoppers on a budget. It's the most widely-used color for company logos. Be careful, as some shades of blue can be perceived as depressing and cold. Companies with blue logos Facebook, Skype, GE, Wordpress, Samsung, IBM, Ford Yellow start over Yellow This fun, positive, and youthful color projects feelings of happiness and creativity. Retailers use it to entice window shoppers, while lighter shades work well for kids. Yellow is a snazzy color that pops, and it might be the right one for your business. Companies with yellow logos DHL, Dunlop, Ferrari, IKEA, McDonald's Red start over Red Red instills a sense of energy, and has even been known to increase the heart rate of shoppers. It draws attention, and is often used to portray RIGHT NOW. Red is good for reaching impulse shoppers. It is best used to accent other colors, rather than on its own when it can be too intense. Companies with red logos Target, YouTube, ESPN, CNN Green start over Green Green is easy for the eyes to process and is often connected with nature. It's actually been proved to instill a sense of wealth, and is sometimes used in retail locations to help consumers chill out. Like blue, green is appealing to budget shoppers and those who carefully consider purchases. Green is a peaceful, refreshing color. Environmental companies often choose green. It's the most popular color used in interior design, so consider painting your office green! Companies with green logos Grasshopper, H&R Block, BP, Gaiam, Starbucks Pink start over Pink It probably won't surprise you, but pink is usually used to market to women and girls. It's a romantic, exciting, and fun color that lacks the aggression of red. If you're selling products meant for young women and want to be lighthearted, pink is a great choice. It's known to be good for traditional shoppers, as well as women who are overworked! If you use pink, you might be limiting your audience, as it's a very gendered color. Some say that using pink to target women is offensive, so consider your audience before making a choice. Companies with pink logos Victoria's Secret, Barbie, Breast Cancer Awareness, TMobile Black start over Black Black is powerful, which is why luxury brands use it to market their products. If you want to make your customers feel like they're buying a premium product or service, black is a great choice. Too much isn't advised, but touches of black ground your marketing and elicit feelings of power. Go for it. Use some black! Companies with black logos Apple, Porsche, Lamborghini, NIKE, Motorola Orange start over Orange Orange is fun and playful. It's an enthusiastic, cheerful color that's bolder than yellow, and less urgent than red. Orange is a great color to use for call-to-action buttons. It catches the viewers' eye with a powerful punch. Too much orange can be overwhelming, so consider using it for individual items. Companies with orange logos Dunkin' Donuts, MasterCard, Gulf Purple start over Purple Don't be fooled—purple isn't just for women. Purple invokes a feeling of luxury, warmth, and calm. Purple is the color of royalty, and dark shades are sophisticated and sharp. It can also bring a sense of mystery. Purple is a rich, elegant color that is often used in place of blue. Companies with purple logos Yahoo, Slate, Peach Aviation, FedEx Share my results on See what other colors represent Yellow Orange Red Blue Green Purple Pink Black There are tons of articles out there on the psychology of color and how a subtle difference in hue can impact the perception of your brand. Unfortunately, the conversation is pretty darn confusing. Most small business owners don’t want to read a lengthy article on why pink is better than blue, or how a customer who grew up in Kansas perceives various shades of yellow. Instead, you want a quick and easy way to figure out which colors are right for your businesses. It’s a difficult task-- research has shown that color preferences are influenced by more than chance. The colors people like are related to personal preference, cultural upbringing, and context. Although it’s hard to determine exactly how a certain color will impact your brand, it is possible to make some broad sweeps to help you narrow the playing field. Colors are most effective when consumers believe that the brand’s color “fits” the brand, according to a study called The Interactive Effects of Color. That means that your colors have to speak to your customers. If you sell to organic foodies, it makes more sense to use green or brown than macaroni and cheese orange. Context is important, too. Sometimes brown is used for something natural, perfect for those organic foodies. Other times it’s rugged and masculine, perfect for hunters and motocross athletes. We wanted to build a tool that could help you figure out what color would work best for your brand, the right colors for your logos, and help you choose the right colors for your business. That’s why we developed our color quiz. Using insights from research studies, marketing articles, and other sources, we’ve come up with the perfect color quiz. It’s up to you to decide on hues, tones, and accent colors, but our tool is perfect for getting started. Give it a go! « Back to Small Business Tools Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds