Virtual Receptionist Services for Small Businesses - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Look professional with virtual receptionist services. Have an auto-attendant or live virtual receptionist answer your Grasshopper calls. Start a free trial What is a virtual receptionist? A virtual receptionist is either a live human that may not be physically located in your office or an auto-attendant answering system that handles your inbound calls the same way an in-house receptionist would. Businesses rely on virtual receptionists for things like greetings, directing callers and taking messages. Virtual receptionist services are great for small businesses looking to save on labor costs. Meet Ruby®! Grasshopper is collaborating with Ruby, to bring you live virtual receptionists to answer your calls. From collecting information to scheduling appointments, Ruby can create connections with callers instead of letting them go to voicemail. If you’re already a Grasshopper customer, you can add Ruby to your account at any time! How to set up auto-attendant services: Grasshopper makes it simple to get your auto-attendant up and running. Get Grasshopper Sign up today and choose a local, toll-free, or vanity number for your business. Or, port your current number! Add Extensions Give your employees or departments their own phone extensions from your online account. Record Your Greeting Record and upload your greeting and menu options (or use our Professional Voice Studio for a small fee). Get Grasshopper What are the benefits of a virtual auto-attendant? Professional. Welcome callers with a recorded professional greeting that can direct their call. Affordable. Manage inbound calls at a fraction of the cost of hiring a live receptionist. Customizable. Change your call forwarding rules, extensions, and greeting anytime you want. Accessible. Provide callers with helpful information, even outside of typical business hours. Get started with a 7-day free trial of Grasshopper. No credit card required. Simply confirm your number, create an account, and log in to start your free trial. Start a free trial Not sure which is right for you? Let us help you decide. Benefits of a live virtual receptionist: Personality. An automated phone system will never sound like a live receptionist. A human conversation will always leave a good first impression and make customers feel valued. Conversions. If you want to convert angry customers into happy ones, the best thing to do is to give them a real person they can talk to. Time. With a virtual assistant taking calls for you, you have more time to focus on other tasks to get your job done. More value! Unlimited minutes. Unlimited users at no extra cost. Simple, full feature plans with no hidden costs. Large selection of toll-free, vanity, or local phone numbers. Multiple extensions, business phone numbers and call forwarding. 24/7 support when you need it most. The most robust phone system for small businesses. All the communication tools you need to sound big and grow bigger. When you sign up for Grasshopper, you get more than just an auto attendant. Grasshopper offers a professional suite for business communication: One or more dedicated business phone numbers to keep work and personal calls separate. A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, voicemail, and more. Business texting so you can send and receive messages on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps and instant response texting to ensure you never miss a call, even when you’re on the go. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions Does Grasshopper offer live virtual receptionist services? Yes. Grasshopper is collaborating with Ruby, a live virtual receptionist company based out of Portland, OR. Grasshopper customers can enjoy a special discount off of Ruby. Visit grasshopper.com/offer/ruby to learn more. Do I need a virtual receptionist or a real receptionist for my small business? It depends! A regular receptionist is more traditional. Meanwhile, virtual receptionists can handle most of the day-to-day call management tasks – without breaking the bank. What is an auto-attendant? How is it different from a virtual receptionist? Auto-attendants use recorded greetings and menu options to forward calls and help route callers to the right extension, department or employee. Virtual receptionists can do even more to help small business owners. Instead of hiring and paying an in-house receptionist, a live virtual receptionist service like Ruby can perform all the same tasks for much less. From answering customer and prospect phone calls, to taking messages and much more. What’s the difference between a customer representative and a virtual receptionist? Customer representatives are there to support your customers when they call in with product questions or issues. Because the nature of each call can vary, customer care reps are always a live team. Virtual receptionists, on the other hand, are a first point of contact for your customer calls. They can even direct customers to your support department for you! What’s a virtual assistant? Is it different from a virtual receptionist? A virtual assistant works as a remote personal assistant. A virtual assistant will handle all sorts of your personal tasks. A virtual receptionist interacts directly with clients and prospects by handling all of your incoming phone calls. What’s a virtual office? A virtual office is part of the evolving flexible workspace industry. A virtual office provides a business with any combination of technology, services, and/or space without the need for a physical office. Services like a virtual receptionist, which can be utilized remotely, help create a virtual office. Small business owners may even pay a fee for a virtual address for their virtual office. Win new business even when you’re unavailable. Have an auto-attendant or live virtual receptionist answer your Grasshopper calls. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway