Play On Hold Music or Transfer a Live Call ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Keep callers on the line. Engage customers with on hold music or simply transfer the call with Grasshopper. Start a free trial What are the on hold options for Grasshopper? Grasshopper offers live transfers and hold music for inbound calls. You can choose from several tracks or upload your own music. It’s easy to transfer a customer without dropping the call. You can transfer to another extension or phone number, two ways: Blind or Supervised. Blind automatically transfers the call, while Supervised lets you speak with the recipient first. This is great for sharing context so your teammate is ready to take it away! How to set up on hold music: Grasshopper lets you select an existing track or upload a new one. Get Grasshopper Sign up today and choose a local, toll-free, or vanity number for your business. Or, port your current number! Pick a Track Head to Settings to hear and select on hold music from our existing library. Use Your Own You can upload a custom recording or commercial to play instead! Start a free trial Grasshopper makes it easy to set up call forwarding on your business line. What are the benefits of on hold music and call transfers? Entertain your customers while they wait so they stay on the line. Inform callers of what’s new at your company by playing a custom recording. Tag team a sales call or simply pass it on when you don’t have time to talk. Route wrong-number calls to the right extension without asking the customer to redial. Easily transfer calls by simply pressing “##”. Grasshopper offers on hold options and so much more. All the communication tools you need to sound big and grow bigger. Holding or transferring a business call is just one small part of Grasshopper. When you sign up, you also get access to: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, custom greetings and more. Toll-free, vanity and local numbers that help you build your brand. SMS texts that you can send and receive on your business number. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions How do I put a call on hold? Simple. Just press the pound sign twice (##). Once the call is on hold, you can press 1 to return to the call, 2 to transfer the call to a different extension or phone number, or 3 to end the call. What type of music on hold do you have? We’ve got the essentials. Classical, jazz, modern, and more. Of course, if you don’t like what’s in our library, you can easily upload a track of your own to play instead! The current size limit is 5 MBs for a custom recording. What’s the difference between a blind transfer and a supervised transfer? In a blind transfer, the call is automatically transferred to the extension you choose. In a supervised transfer, you can speak to the person you’re transferring the call to so they know what it’s about. Keep callers happy while on hold with Grasshopper. Grasshopper offers hold music, and transfer capabilities to help you manage calls. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway