Get an 800 Number for Your Business | Try Grasshopper for Free! ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Get an 800 number for your business. Give your company a professional 800 number with a national presence. Pick an 800 Number Or select one from our inventory of toll-free 800 numbers for business: Why should I use an 800 number? Make your company look bigger and more established. Give customers and prospects a free, recognizable way to contact you. Keep work and life separate by having a dedicated business line. Deliver great customer service by forwarding calls to your cell phone. How to get an 800 number for business: Grasshopper makes it quick and simple to pick and activate an 800 number. Find an 800 Number Search for and choose the 800 number you want. Pick a Plan Pick a personalized plan that best suits your business needs. Sign Up Register and create an account to start using your new number right away. Pick an 800 number What is an 800 number? An 800 number is a toll-free phone number that starts with the 800 prefix. Toll-free calls are routed to a local number, and the cost of the call is paid for by the phone number’s owner, not the caller. Other toll-free prefixes include 833, 844, 855, 866, 877, and 888. 800 numbers are the most popular and as a result, they’re often in high demand and in short supply. Starting with your 800 number. Powerful features for running a business. Custom Main Greetings Create a customized business greeting. A custom phone greeting lets business owners record a business voicemail on a personal device. You can: Automatically welcome and direct your customers. Let callers know when you’re available or away. Give your small business a professional appearance. Save on labor costs. Mobile Apps Run your business while on the go. Grasshopper’s mobile app lets you stay in touch no matter where you are. Work from anywhere and on any device. Use the app to send and receive texts from your business number. Configure your settings based on your specific needs. View your call history and read voicemail transcriptions. Keep your business and personal phone calls and texts separate. Business Texting Use your business number to send and receive texts. Unlimited texts are included with your Grasshopper business number. Use a communication channel that more and more customers prefer. Confirm client appointment times in writing with text confirmations. Respond to missed calls and voicemails, even when you can’t talk. Communicate visually through business MMS picture messages. Why choose Grasshopper? When you buy an 800 phone number through Grasshopper, you get many powerful features to go with it: A full virtual phone system with call forwarding, VoIP, voicemail transcription, and many more features. The ability to send and receive text messages on your 800 number. Easy-to-use mobile and desktop apps you never miss a call, even when you’re not in the office. Prices start at just $26/month for a premium 800 number. A virtual phone system in your pocket. Grasshopper gives you the features you need to stay connected on the go. Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Call Recording Set up automatic recording for all inbound calls, all outbound calls, or both. Available on every extension. Frequently Asked Questions What phone carriers does Grasshopper work with? Grasshopper works with all major service providers, including AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, Metro PCS, Cricket Wireless, U.S. Cellular. Can I have a local number as well as an 800 number with Grasshopper? Of course! After you’ve signed up for Grasshopper, you can easily add more numbers. Often, businesses will have both a toll-free number and a local number for their customers’ convenience. Can I use my 800 number when making outbound calls? You bet! We’ll always show your 800 number as the caller ID to customers when you make a call from the Grasshopper desktop and mobile apps. How long does it take to get an 800 number? It takes no time at all! When you sign up for a Grasshopper account with a toll-free 800 number, you can start using your number immediately. However, text messaging may take up to 15 minutes to be enabled. If you have any issues, please contact customer support. Is it free to call an 800 number from a mobile phone? Toll-free numbers work a little differently for mobile phones than they do for legacy landlines. Dialing an 800 number from your cell phone is only free if your cellular plan is an unlimited plan. If you have a per-minute plan, calling 800 numbers will still use those minutes. Is there a difference between the 800, 888, 877, 866, 855, 844, and 833 prefixes? No. Toll free numbers come in seven formats, 800, 888, 877, 866, 855, 833, and 844 and they all work the same. However, the 800 prefix is the only "true" 800 number. We often times get the questions, "Is 866 a toll free number prefix?" or "Are 877 numbers really toll free?" Regardless of which prefix you choose, they all work the same and offer you the same benefits. Is there an additional charge to get an 800 number? Nope! Grasshopper offers 800 numbers for business at the same price as any other toll-free or local number in our inventory. Are 800 numbers free when calling internationally? Charges apply if you call an 800 number internationally, but you are not charged if you receive an international call. 800 numbers are free of charge when calling long distance within the United States and Canada. How are 800 numbers assigned? 800 numbers are assigned on a first come, first served basis by an entity called a Responsible Organization (“RespOrg”). The FCC sets all rules related to getting and using 800 numbers. They require them to be portable, so a subscriber can switch to a new RespOrg if they change providers. What is an 800 number? An 800 number is a toll-free phone number that starts with the 800 prefix. Other toll-free prefixes include 833, 844, 855, 866, 877, and 888. Toll-free calls are routed to a local number, and the cost of the call is paid for by the phone number’s owner, not the caller. Look professional with an 800 number from Grasshopper. Make your small business look bigger by choosing an 800 number. Pick an 800 Number Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway