Perfect Business Thank You Notes: Examples and Advice Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Overview How It Works Pricing & Sign Up Sign In Perfect Thank You Notes: Advice and Examples to Grow Your Business Write the perfect notes to customers, partners, and friends We all think we’re responsible for our own success, but we couldn’t do it without each other. Friends, family, and business contacts give advice, loan money, and provide emotional support. Have you thanked them lately? In honor of National Small Business Week, thank your customers, partners, and friends who have helped you build your business. Use our examples and downloadable cards to send your gratitude. Need a thank you note? Use one of ours! It’s easy! Here are some examples: Thank a Customer Thank a Business Partner Thank a Friend or Mentor Hi Emma, Just wanted to send a quick note to say thanks for visiting us at the store last week. Glad we were able to help you find the perfect outfit for your holiday party. You can never go wrong with a classic dress and a fun necklace. ☺ Hope you had fun at the holiday party. Have a great week! Thanks again for shopping with us, -Allison P.S. I know you mentioned you loved the blazer in the window. Thought you should know it’s on sale this week! Hey Matt, Thanks for being so helpful in our recent conversations. We’re looking forward to our National Small Business Week promotion, and you’ve shown that DigiMelt is the right company to partner with. Your advice and support has been integral to this process. Thanks again, and Go Sox! -Brett Hi John, Thank you for taking the time to speak with me. I know how busy you are so I can’t thank you enough for your time and guidance. I really enjoyed our conversation and appreciate your honesty with me. I’ve made some changes to my business plan based on your recommendations. Also, thanks so much for making that introduction! You were right. Kathy is a wealth of knowledge. She gave me some great suggestions for groups to join. Sincerely, Alex Parker Share this page Why thank you notes? New friends matter when you’re a small business owner. Well-written and timely thank you notes foster relationships. When someone gets a card in their mailbox, they smile. Why do you think people have “thank you cards” hung up around their desks? We need other people to be successful, so why not work to cultivate positive relationships? A thank you note can do that quickly and easily. According to a study by Emotion, thanking people makes them more likely to continue a relationship, which leads to more opportunities for you. Unlike marketing campaigns and website updates, showing gratitude is free. It’s good for new relationships, and winds up being good for you, as well. Gratitude helps us treasure good experiences, deal with conflict, and build better relationships. Remember: Focus on the thank you itself, not on the materials it’s written on or the potential sale you’ll get. What every thank you note needs A greeting How to start? With a greeting, of course! Make sure to use the recipient’s name to make the note more personal. Suggestions: Hi Steve, Dear Steve Steve, Hello Steve, A thank you Thanking is the point of a thank you note, so do it right. Be genuine and specific-- no backhanded compliments or funny stuff. Suggestions: Thank you for helping me out with our 7 mile project. Your support made it happen. Thank you for being there for me to talk things through. Your insights and advice made me decide to pursue a business loan. Thank you for advice and for your generosity. Without it, I wouldn’t know where to start with social media marketing. A personal touch A robot can write a thank you note, but it won’t be very meaningful. That’s why you need to pepper in personal touches. Show that you remember details about the recipient’s life (without being creepy!). This shows that you not only listened to them, but care about their well-being. Suggestions: I hope to see you at a Giants game this summer. I’ll let you know if I have tickets! Take good care of your knee. Hope you’re up and walking soon. Enjoy the sunshine in San Diego—I wish we could share a beer together at the beach. Good luck working on your new blogging project—sounds exciting and I know you’ll do great. A closing Now wrap it up! Close with a greeting that feels comfortable to you. Suggestions: Best, Best Wishes, Sincerely, Thanks again, With gratitude, Keep in touch, When to send thank you notes Thank you notes can be sent at any time, but here are some common times that people send them: After an interview. Thank the person who interviewed you. Thank them for their time and for their explanations of the job. After a meeting. After an important meeting, thank the key players for attending and sharing their insights. After events. You often meet new people at events, so thank them for the pleasure of their company and for sharing information with you. Out of the blue. These are the best kinds of thank you notes—totally out of the blue! After a referral. If someone refers a new client or customer to you, take out a note card and pen a thank you note. This will show your gratitude and encourage that person to continue to refer people to you. During the holidays. The holidays are a great excuse to thank people for a great year together. Common questions about thank you notes How much time is this going to take me? It won’t take you long to write a thank you note. It will take 2-5 minutes per note. How do I find people’s addresses? You can always send an individual a note via their company address, and it’s easy to find company addresses on their websites. If you can’t find their address via the internet, send them an email and ask. It’s ok to mention you’re sending a surprise. How long should a thank you note be? As short or long as you want, but you don’t need to write a lengthy note to be impactful. Short is sweet—we recommend about 50 words. Do I need branded stationery? Nope, the thank you is what counts. Branded stationery is a nice touch, but it’s not necessary. What if I have too many people to thank? If you’re overwhelmed or crunched for time, use a handwritten letter service like Letter Friend or MailLift. You can also hire a TaskRabbit or virtual assistant to complete the task for you. What if I have messy handwriting? Don’t worry about it. Your handwriting is yours, so own it. If you think your writing is too hard to read, you can always ask someone else to write the note on your behalf. Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds