Growing a Business with the Grasshopper Phone System | Grasshopper Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Growing a Business with the Grasshopper Phone System Topics Covered What the Heck Is a Virtual Phone System? The Biggest Benefits of Grasshopper Problems Grasshopper Solves (With Real-life Examples) Set up Your Virtual Phone System Today Creative Uses of Grasshopper Phone System Suggestions By Industry Grasshopper Phone System Integrations and Alternatives Share these insights with others Hey there… Are you a small business owner who needs to get organized and simplify your life? Between running errands, convincing customers you’re the right choice, testing out ad strategies, and wading through emails, there’s a lot to do. Before you run away from your business as fast as you can, think about some simple solutions. Like, what if your phone system could help you out? We usually think of phone systems as another “must-have” business thing, but if you set one up just right, you could simplify your life, instantly sound professional, and improve the way you do business. Whether you’ve got an existing phone system that’s draining your bank account, need an upgrade from Google Voice, or want to start a brand new business on the right foot, you should consider a virtual phone system. Grasshopper provides 800, local, and vanity numbers, as well as an auto-attendant and voicemail transcription—and it can all work with your existing phone line. We’ve got your solution, and we’ll show you how to use it. Grasshopper has helped me manage my time much better. It routes calls to the people who need to get them. Andrew Armitage Vintage Chauffering When our team members travel for business, their numbers can easily travel with them. Sophie Salonga GlobalMe So… What's a Virtual Phone System? Remain calm! You don't need an engineering degree to choose a virtual phone system. In fact, our system is designed for people who are not particularly "techy". A virtual phone system (AKA virtual PBX or cloud-hosted phone) gives you the flexibility to get calls wherever you are. That's right – you're no longer attached to your office landline. The process is simple. Once a caller calls your toll free number, they're greeted with a custom main greeting (you already set up) and that call goes straight to your cell. If you don't answer, however, it can go to another extension or voicemail – whatever you choose! A virtual phone system provides a number of benefits that help you run your business more efficiently: You save money hiring a receptionist You separate work and personal phone calls You can build your brand with a customized, memorable number A virtual phone system is perfect for small and mid-sized businesses; especially small businesses looking to grow. Whether you're looking for a solution that works while you're on vacation, unites a team of remote workers, or want to keep tabs on employees, a virtual phone system could be just what you need. The best part is that setting up the system won't stress you out. You could set it up in 30 minutes. All you have to do is: Sign up Record a main greeting Add extensions Start receiving calls Just remember that our system works atop your existing cell or landline plan. It doesn't replace it. Read more… How Virtual Phone Systems Work for You A virtual phone system can be used for more than just call routing. In fact, businesses of all types rely on it for different functions. Depending on how you customize your virtual phone system, you can make it work in the following ways and more: Lead Generation Systems Employee Time Card Systems RSVP Tracking Campaign Performance Tracking Regardless of your industry, it's easy to customize our system to meet your needs, and boost business productivity. It also integrates with popular business tools such as Google Voice and Skype. This allows you to save money on expensive hardware systems. Read more… So What Are You Waiting For? If you're looking for an in-expensive communication solution that will grow with your business, look no further. This guide will help you through the startup process and offer ideas on how you can personalize the system so your business runs smoothly. Download Printable PDF × Enter your email to download this guide as a printable PDF. Get PDF Start the Journey » Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds