Voip Calling with Grasshopper Phone Systems ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Make business calls using VoIP and WiFi. A professional VoIP calling phone service for small businesses. Start a free trial What is VoIP calling? Voice-over-Internet-Protocol (VoIP) calling uses the internet to make calls, instead of traditional phone lines or cellular networks. Grasshopper’s VoIP calling phone service gives you the flexibility a small business needs – call and text from anywhere with an internet connection! Start your free VoIP trial! How to get the Grasshopper VoIP phone system: Grasshopper provides VoIP and WiFi calling for your smartphone or desktop. Get Grasshopper Choose a toll-free or local number and select a plan that fits your needs. Get the App Download the Grasshopper app to your desktop, mobile device, or both. Get Going In the mobile app, turn on WiFi Calling. The desktop app automatically uses VoIP calling! Start a free trial Grasshopper provides VoIP and WiFi calling for your smartphone or desktop. Why should I use VoIP or WiFi to make calls? Poor cell reception? No problem. Make business calls over your internet connection instead. Save your minutes and data by switching to WiFi for outbound calls and texts. Ensure you’re always accessible so you never miss important calls or texts. Stay on top of your business communications, from anywhere with an internet connection. Still not sure? We offer a Free VoIP Trial! The professional choice for VoIP and WiFi calling. An easy way for small businesses to get VoIP phone service. There's more to Grasshopper than just VoIP and WiFi calling. Get access to tons of great features: A full virtual phone system with voicemail transcription, call-forwarding, and lots more. The ability to send and receive text messages on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you manage communications with ease. A virtual phone system in your pocket. Grasshopper gives you the features you need to stay connected on the go. Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Call Recording Set up automatic recording for all inbound calls, all outbound calls, or both. Available on every extension. Frequently Asked Questions How much does it cost to use VoIP or WiFi calling? There are no additional charges for using these services with the Grasshopper apps. It comes with your Grasshopper subscription! What is the difference between VoIP and WiFi calls? VoIP calls are any calls that are made through the internet, instead of through traditional phone carriers. WiFi calls are a specific subset of these calls. WiFi calls are made through a local WiFi network (ex: the wireless network at your home, office, or a coffee shop). VoIP calls that are not also WiFi calls occur when you can use your carrier’s network (LTE, 4G, 5G, etc) to access the internet to make calls. What happens if my internet connection is weak while making or receiving calls? On mobile, we’ll automatically route calls over our normal calling network if we identify a weak signal. There’s no notification or interruption when this happens, and call quality should remain high throughout. Subsequent calls will go back to WiFi when your signal strength improves. From the desktop app, we’re not able to default to your cellular network, so the strength of your connection can impact call quality. After I enable WiFi calling, will all calls use my internet connection by default? Yes, as soon as you enable the service, it will be the primary method for making and receiving calls. Are there any requirements to use VoIP or WiFi with Grasshopper? The main thing you should be aware of is the strength of your internet connection. See this article for more information on network requirements for making calls using the desktop app. Will my current desk phone work with the Grasshopper VoIP service We can forward your Grasshopper calls to any device with a valid phone number. If your current desktop phone is a VoIP phone with an internet connection, there should be no issue. You do not need to enable WiFi calling for Grasshopper in that case. If your desk phone is not connected to the internet, you’ll need to use our Grasshopper desktop or mobile app to take advantage of VoIP or WiFi calling. Call and text over any kind of connection. Make calls from anywhere with VoIP and WiFi calling from Grasshopper. Start a free trial Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway