Toll Free Numbers – Start a Free Trial for a New Phone Number  – Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Get a toll-free number for your business. Give your company a memorable & professional appearance nationwide. Pick a toll-free number Or select one from our huge inventory of toll-free numbers: How does a toll-free number work? Toll-free numbers start with a toll-free prefix—800, 888, 877, 866, 855, 844, or 833—and are assigned by an entity called a “Responsible Organization” (RespOrg). The FCC sets all rules related to getting and using toll-free numbers. They require toll-free numbers to be portable, so a subscriber can move their number to a new RespOrg if they switch providers. Toll-free numbers are free of charge for the caller, even when calling long distance within the same country. Charges apply if you call a toll-free number internationally. You are not charged when receiving an international call. How to get a toll-free number: Grasshopper makes it easy to start using your toll-free number right away. Pick a Number & Plan Select a random number or specify your digits and choose a plan that meets your needs. Download the Apps Use our desktop & mobile apps for business calls and texts, view your messages, and access your call history. Configure Your Settings We’ll help you set up your desktop and mobile device with personalized features and settings. Pick a toll-free number Grasshopper makes it easy to start using your toll-free number right away. Benefits of toll-free numbers for business Be available to your clients everywhere with a national presence. Present a professional image to your customers. Easy to remember and better for customer service. Keep your personal and professional communications separate. Get started with a 7-day free trial No credit card required. Simply confirm your number, create an account, and log in to start your free trial. Start a free trial Starting with your toll-free number. Powerful features for running a business. Business Texting Use your business number to send and receive texts. Communicate with customers from your Grasshopper business number with text messages, at any time. Use a communication channel that more and more customers prefer. Confirm client appointment times in writing with text confirmations. Respond to missed calls and voicemails, even when you can’t talk. Communicate visually through business MMS picture messages. Custom Main Greetings Create a customized business greeting. A custom phone greeting lets you record a business voicemail on your personal phone and can: Automatically welcome and direct your customers. Let callers know when you’re available or away. Give your small business a professional appearance. Save on labor costs. Mobile Apps Run your business while on the go. Grasshopper’s mobile app lets you stay in touch no matter where you are. Work from anywhere and on any device. Use the app to send and receive texts from your business number. View your call history and read voicemail transcriptions. Keep your business and personal calls and texts separate. Why choose Grasshopper? When you buy a toll-free phone number through Grasshopper, you also give your business the tools it needs to scale and grow: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, voicemail transcription, call-forwarding, and lots more. Send and receive text messages on your toll-free number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you never miss a call, even when you’re on the go Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions What is a toll-free number? Toll free phone numbers start with a specific three-digit code and don’t charge callers when they dial—whoever owns the toll-free phone number pays instead. Numbers with the 800 prefix are considered premium toll-free numbers and are typically less available than other prefixes. Can I port my toll-free number? Yes! We’ll provide you with a number transfer form and will port your existing number once we confirm the transfer went through. Can I have a local number on my Grasshopper account as well as a toll-free number? You sure can! Once you have signed up for your Grasshopper account, you can log in and add more numbers. Often, businesses will have both a toll free number and a local number for the convenience of their customers. When did 833 numbers become available? As toll-free number inventories dwindle across North America, new exchanges need to be introduced to increase availability. The 833 exchange was made available in 2017, and Grasshopper has offered it since that time. We have a large inventory available to choose from! Can I send text messages with a toll-free number? Yes! You can send and receive texts from your toll free number by using the Grasshopper app. Note: there are some minor limitations on picture texts that are discussed on the texting page. Can I use my toll-free number as my caller ID when making outbound calls? Absolutely. We’ll always show your toll free number as the caller ID when you make a call from the Grasshopper desktop and mobile apps. How long does it take to get a toll-free number? When you sign up for a Grasshopper account with a toll-free number – standard or vanity – you can start using your number immediately. There is no delay! Is it free to call a toll-free number from a mobile phone? Toll-free numbers work a little differently for mobile phones than they do for legacy landlines. Calling a toll-free number from your cell phone is only free if your cellular plan is an unlimited plan. If you have a per minute plan, calling toll-free numbers will still use those minutes. Is there any additional charge to get a toll-free number? Nope! At this time, there is no additional charge to get a toll-free number. Are toll-free numbers free when calling internationally? Charges apply if you call an toll-free number internationally, but you are not charged if you receive an international call. Toll-free numbers are free of charge when calling long distance within the United States and Canada. What is toll-free messaging verification? Why do I need to verify my toll-free number? Carriers who deliver SMS messages require toll-free numbers to be verified before they are used for SMS. This requirement is intended to reduce unwanted spam, and it applies to new or ported numbers. The verification process can be completed during setup and is entirely free. How does the toll-free number verification process work? You will need to submit a form with information about your intended use of SMS, with examples of the messaging you plan to send. Carriers also need evidence of how you obtain customer consent to send messages. Our Customer Care team will notify you when the carrier has completed the verification process. You can find detailed instructions here. What happens if my toll-free number cannot be verified? If your toll-free number cannot be verified, you will not be able to send SMS from that number. Contact our support team for help. Keep personal and business calls separate. Choose from our inventory of local, toll free, and vanity toll free numbers. Pick a toll-free number Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway