Is a BNI Membership Worth It For You and Your Business? Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources Insights for Entrepreneurs Browse Search Products Browse by Skill Level Getting Startedfor the beginner marketer Off the Groundfor the intermediate marketer On a Rollfor the advanced marketer Browse by Type The Hopper Miscellaneous Browse by Topic A/B Testing Blogs Branding Content Marketing Email Marketing Marketing Campaigns & PR Stunts Metrics & ROI PPC Print Marketing SEO Social Media Websites Word of Mouth Search for Browse Products Virtual Phone SystemManage your business on the go 800 Number for Your Business Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Cloud Phone System Is a BNI Membership Worth It For You and Your Business? by Kaleigh Moore — Published On a Roll on August 15, 2014 Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer As a business owner, you need to continuously network and always be making new connections. It’s how your business grows—relationships are at the very core of any business. But sometimes, that’s not as easy as it sounds. Cold calling is hard, and introducing yourself to strangers on the street doesn’t sound like a good idea. So where do you look? You’ve considered joining a club or organization, but you’re not sure where to invest your time and money. Is it the Chamber of Commerce? Or is it a more niche organization that’s focused on your industry? For some business owners, a Business Network International (BNI) membership is the answer to that question. What’s BNI? BNI is an international organization with local chapters that focus on word-of-mouth lead generation, networking, and referral giving both internally and externally. In short: It’s all about making connections. Founded by Dr. Ivan Misner in 1985, the organization now has more than 6,600 chapters in countries all over the world. Last year alone, the organization boasted 5.4 million referrals given through its network (and $6.5B worth of business). Aside from chapter meetings, BNI offers trade show opportunities, educational resources, workshops, podcasts, and more. Organization Features Before joining, there are a few things to know about BNI chapters that are unique to the organization. Only one service professional is allowed per chapter in each specialty so there’s no competition for referrals. There’s a strict attendance policy—and meetings are weekly. You can only represent your full-time profession (no part-timers allowed). Every member is required to participate and offer referrals. How Much Does it Cost to Join a BNI Club? It costs about $400-600 per year to join a BNI chapter (plus the cost of meals/coffees). Overall your expenses could run upwards of $800/year with food and transportation costs factored in. Many people feel that the cost is offset by the referrals and relationships generated through the organization. What Do Business Owners Say About It? It Adds Credibility Hilary Hamblin- Advertising & Marketing Consultant at Momentum Consulting Hilary joined a BNI chapter in Tupelo, MS to help grow her new business about four years ago. Today, meeting with the group of about 40 members is a regular part of her weekly schedule. Her reason for being a member: It adds credibility to her brand when referrals come from trusted sources 80% of her new clients come from BNI referrals It positions her brand as an expert resource It Builds Your Network Cristian Gonczi – Owner at EToolsGuy.com Despite an already hectic schedule with a young family, Cristian joined BNI six months ago to increase his networking opportunities. So far, he’s found it’s a great tool to connect with other professionals. His reason for being a member: To test out a new referral generator To meet other professionals To grow partnerships with local businesses It Brings Financial Gain Kevin Cahill – Financial Planner at Canadian Legacy Builder Now a member for more than 10 years, BNI membership has become a core part of Kevin’s routine—and business model. He’s seen an incredible ROI for his membership. His reason for being a member: As a result of membership, he’s seen $1M in revenue from referrals 90% of his referrals come through BNI He looks forward to morning meetings (with coffee and bacon) It’s Worth Putting In What You Get Out Tom Hoebbel- Photographer/Videographer at TH Photo Going into the organization with a referral goal, Tom knew he’d need to put in what he wanted to get out of it. That meant making weekly meetings, volunteering for committees—the whole nine yards. But he says it was worth it. His reason for being a member: He’s reached his goal (x2) through BNI referrals It builds trusting relationships The meetings don’t interfere with his schedule Tips For Those Considering Membership Past and present BNI members had a few pieces of advice to offer those considering joining. Going in with realistic expectations will help ensure the group is the right fit before making a commitment. Go to a few meetings as a guest beforehand to get a feel for the group and its members. Ensure you have the time to make weekly meetings. You’re only allowed to miss six total per year. Evaluate your industry—B2C businesses often have greater success here than B2B. Find a group of unfamiliar faces to ensure you get the most out of the new relationship-building opportunities. Be willing to give referrals—it’s essential to membership. Know you may have to do some public speaking. You’re introducing yourself! Dress like a professional. Most chapter members do. Be willing to meet outside of chapter meetings for additional networking opportunities. Evaluate the ROI of membership annually to ensure you’re making a smart investment. Think creatively about how you can offer new leads. Give and Receive BNI’s mission is centered around the “Givers Gain” slogan. Give (referrals) and you shall receive. As with any organization, those who actively participate and offer leads to others are the ones who see the most benefit from their membership. However, if you don’t have a schedule that allows of weekly meetings or aren’t willing to actively give referrals, this might not be the organization for you. Bottom line: It’s a big commitment, so you’ll need to do some serious evaluation before jumping in. Your turn: Have you had experience with a BNI membership before? What did you think of it? Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer this story is in On a Roll with helpful hints for your entrepreneurial journey. About Author Kaleigh Moore Kaleigh Moore is the founder of Lumen, a company that helps individuals and businesses expand their reach through social media, copywriting, and design. Most Popular stories people like 15 Ways to Let the World Know About Your Awesome Business Using Educational Content to Win Over Your Ideal Customers Ready to Start and Grow Your Business? Sound More Professional & Stay Connected Sign Up for Grasshopper » Connect with Grasshopper Twitter Facebook LinkedIn