Grasshopper Virtual Phone System | How It Works ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Grasshopper helps you do business. All the communication features you need to help run your small business. Start a free trial Watch our video × Here’s what using Grasshopper is like: Grasshopper makes it a cinch to communicate like a bigger company. When customers call Answer every call professionally. See when an incoming call is for business so you can answer accordingly and sound professional. Make your business look bigger with an automated greeting to welcome callers and direct them to departments or employees. Get the perfect greeting by taking advantage of professional voice talent in our voice studio. Hear an example main greeting: -:-- When you call Get in touch from anywhere. Your contacts will see your Grasshopper number on the Caller ID when you call using the app. Keep your personal number private by calling from your Grasshopper business number. Place calls from either your phone, or your computer with our desktop and mobile apps. When your cell reception is weak, you can make calls with VoIP/Wi-Fi calling instead. Business Texts Respond quickly and quietly, without having to get on the phone. Many potential customers prefer texting to calling. Give them the option to text with your business number! Can’t talk? Don’t lose business – respond to missed calls from new clients automatically with instant response. No need to give out your personal number – you can text using your Grasshopper number. Get important information in writing with quick text confirmations. Voicemails and Faxes Always stay informed. Easily check business messages by accessing your Grasshopper voicemail box online and in the apps. Get emails with MP3s and text transcriptions of your voicemails so you can quickly prioritize them. Your Grasshopper number is a virtual fax number! When customers send faxes, they’ll arrive as PDFs in your inbox. Get going with Grasshopper in 4 steps. Your new number and virtual system start working right away on the phone(s) you already have. 1. Pick your number and plan. Choose from our selection of toll-free numbers, vanity numbers, and local numbers. Or, port a number you already love and use. Then pick the plan that fits your business best. Start a free trial 2. Download the Grasshopper apps. Download and install our convenient desktop or mobile apps to access all of Grasshopper from the office, at home or on the go. 3. Configure your settings. We'll walk you through the steps on your desktop and mobile device so you'll quickly have Grasshopper running just how you want. If you ever need help, our award-winning customer support is available 24/7! 4. Put your new number to work! And just like that, you're ready to receive and make business calls – plus a whole lot more – with Grasshopper. Get up and running in minutes! Start a free trial Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Over 400,000 happy customers served. Here's what a few of them have to say about Grasshopper. We chose Grasshopper because we need all of our customer communications to be pushed to the same place. Jonathan Heuer, Home Maintenance Having a phone number on our site increased conversion of site visitors to sign up and paid users. Allan Branch, Accountant Grasshopper lets my company scale like never before. Now, my entire team is accessible to our customers since all employees can answer calls despite their location or time zone. Glenda Dorn, Retail Management Grasshopper has helped me transition from being perceived as a small "mom and pop shop" to a professional business, which is a top priority for the success of my company. Jose Greer, Personal Chef Your business needs its own phone number. Choose from our inventory of local, toll free, and vanity toll free numbers. Start a free trial Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway