Online Fax and Virtual Fax Services - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Online faxes without the fax machine. Check inbound faxes in your email and on the go with Grasshopper. Start a free trial What are virtual faxes? Virtual faxing is a cloud-based fax delivery service that lets you receive faxes without the need for a fax machine. Customers can fax documents directly to your Grasshopper business number, and you can view them online or in your email, as an attachment. Virtual fax is the perfect solution for professionals who get just a few faxes and don’t want to deal with the hassle or expense of an actual fax machine. Grasshopper virtual fax is for inbound faxing only. How to receive virtual online faxes: Grasshopper simplifies faxes by sending documents to wherever you are. Get Grasshopper Sign up today and choose a local, toll-free, or vanity number for your business. Or, port your current number! Get the App Download the Grasshopper app to your desktop, mobile device, or both. View your Faxes Tell customers to send faxes to your Grasshopper number. Then check your email or the Grasshopper apps to see them! Start a free trial What are the benefits of virtual phone fax services? Receive faxes from customers easily without having to use a fax machine Save on printer paper, ink, and other expenses associated with maintaining a fax machine Simplify your business communication by using one number for everything – phone calls, texts, and inbound online faxes Get important business documents at home or on the go through our simple desktop and mobile apps Grasshopper offers virtual fax services and so much more. Sound professional and stay connected from anywhere with Grasshopper. When you sign up for Grasshopper, you get a suite of business communication features in addition to online virtual faxes: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, custom greetings, and more Toll-free, vanity and local numbers that help you build your brand SMS texts that you can send and receive on your business number Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions Is my Grasshopper phone number also my fax number? Yes! Grasshopper uses the same phone number for your calls, texts, and inbound faxes. One number for everything makes it much easier for both you and your customers to remember. Can I send faxes with Grasshopper? Not at this time. You can receive faxes just fine with Grasshopper, but you’ll need to use another virtual fax service designed for outgoing faxes or find a fax machine to send faxes back. Is there an extra cost for inbound faxes? None at all! It’s included as part of your unlimited minutes with each Grasshopper plan. See our plans & pricing. Leave the fax machine behind. Receive faxes right to your business number, while you’re on-the-go, with Grasshopper. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway