Add-On Features for Your Business Phone System | Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Customize Your Experience with Add-Ons Get the extra features you need to scale faster, work smarter, and maximize your business communications potential—all in one place. Start a free trial Call Blasting Never miss a call by ringing each line simultaneously to reduce wait times and increase customer satisfaction. $9/month Voice Studio Make the right first impression with polished, professional greetings with our experienced voice actors. English, Spanish, and French available! $75/order Extra Numbers Add more Grasshopper numbers anytime, without having to change your plan. $9/month each Extra Extensions Appear large by adding more department and/or employee extensions. $3/month each Digital Listings Management Boost sales, drive traffic, and take control of your brand with digital listings management service. 25% off your first year Ruby Receptionists Never miss a call by adding service from Ruby. Live, US-based receptionists will deliver a personalized experience for your callers. 30% off your first month International Calling Doing business internationally? No problem! We can customize an international calling plan that works best for your business. See rates. Get started with a 7-day free trial of Grasshopper. No credit card required. Simply confirm your number, create an account, and log in to start your free trial. Start a free trial Get started with the Grasshopper phone system. The easiest way to separate work from personal communications. Custom Greetings Create a customized business greeting. A custom phone greeting is a recording that plays automatically when a customer calls. You can: Automatically welcome and direct your customers. Let callers know when you’re available or away. Give your small business a professional appearance. Save on labor costs with auto-attendant functionality. Work From Anywhere Run your business while on the go. Grasshopper’s mobile app lets you stay connected no matter where you are. Work from anywhere and on any device in real-time. Use the app to send and receive texts from your business number. Configure your settings based on your specific needs. View your call history and read voicemail transcriptions. Keep your personal and business communications separate. Business Texting Use your business number to send and receive texts. Use your business number to send and receive texts. Use a communication channel that more and more customers prefer. Confirm client appointment times in writing with text confirmations. Respond to missed calls and voicemails, even when you can’t talk. Communicate visually through business MMS picture messages. Why choose Grasshopper? In addition to a cloud phone system that grows with your business, you get the advanced features to go with it: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, voicemail transcription, call forwarding, and lots more. The ability to send and receive text messages on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you never miss a call, even when you’re away. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions How do Grasshopper add-ons work? Grasshopper offers additional (add-on) features that can be added to your account for an additional cost. Account admins can add additional (add-on) features to their Grasshopper account from the logged in website. The additional cost for the add-on feature will be shown when admins add the features and vary based on feature. How can I purchase add-ons for my existing Grasshopper account? A Grasshopper account administrator can purchase add-on features from the logged in website under the Settings > Features tab. Available add-on feature include additional phone numbers, call blasting, voice studio & Ruby receptionist. What are the available Grasshopper virtual phone add-ons? Grasshopper's additional (add-on) features include the following: Call Blasting ($9/month) - Ring all of your call forwarding numbers simultaneously for up to 15 numbers. Additional phone numbers ($9/month) - Add phone numbers to your account above plan limit. Phone number costs vary based on plan. Older plans phone numbers are $5/month and do not include business SMS texting. New/recent plans phone numbers are $9/month and include SMS for free. Voice Studio ($75 per an order) - Voice studio allows you to have all of your greetings custom recorded by a voice talent to sound more professional. Ruby Receptionist (Starting at $160/month) - Ruby Receptionist gives customers the option to have live-receptionists answer their Grasshopper calls for a monthly cost. Ruby plans start at $199/month with three different Ruby plan pricing options. How much do Grasshopper add-ons cost? Call Blasting: $9/month Additional phone numbers: $9/month Voice Studio: $75 per an order Ruby Receptionist: Starts at $160/month Digital Listings Management: $75/year How are additional (add-on) features billed? Additional features are billed to the account credit card on file, when the feature is added to the account or at their next billing date. When the charge for the additional fee takes place depends on the feature & billing term. Voice Studio: The $75 charge for voice studio is billed immediately when you submit your order. Call Blasting: Is billed $9/month for customers on monthly plan & annually for customers with an annual billing contract. Ruby Receptionist: Customers will be charged on monthly for Ruby, regardless if they are on monthly or annual plan. What is call blasting? Call blasting is a Grasshopper add-on that allows all of your call forwarding numbers to ring simultaneously for a given extension. Use this feature if you have multiple team members who can answer a given phone line. Call blasting can be added to any extension for $9/month. How does call blasting work? You can activate call blasting in your web portal by going to the settings tab, and under features, clicking "activate call blasting". Once call blasting is active, you can choose which extension you want to blast. Select "simultaneously" under forwarding numbers options. Call blasting can ring up to 15 numbers at once. What is the Grasshopper Voice Studio? If you want to have your main greeting or voicemail greeting recorded by a professional, Grasshopper offers voice studio, where professional voice actors will record a greeting for you. Use this feature to sound even more professional and make your business seem larger. Voice Studio costs $75 per recording. How does Voice Studio work from Grasshopper? You write the scripts, we'll record them! Pick from a variety of voice actors to read the scripts you've written for any (or all) of your custom greetings. Voice studio costs $75 per order but an order can include multiple scripts. Simply click on the voice studio box in the web portal to get started. What is Ruby Receptionist? When business gets busy, sometimes you can't get to the phone. Ruby receptionists provides live, US based receptionists to answer your calls the way you would. Grasshopper offers exclusive minute packages from Ruby, which can be added to your Grasshopper bill. Find the package that's right for your business and get started with Ruby Receptionist today. Get up and running in minutes! Manage Your Listing Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway