Virtual Voicemail Services for Small Businesses - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Access your virtual voicemail anywhere. Check your business messages on the go with Grasshopper's virtual voicemail service. Start a free trial What is virtual voicemail? Virtual voicemail is a cloud voicemail service that lets you access your messages online or through an app. Since your virtual voicemail box is not tied to a traditional phone system, you can stay informed and be responsive even when you’re away from the office. Web-based voicemail can often provide voicemail to email service as well for added convenience. The voicemail recordings arrive as MP3 attachments in our inbox every time you receive a message so you can quickly check and prioritize your work. Get voicemail when you start a free trial. How to set up a virtual voicemail box: Grasshopper makes it easy to get business voicemail from anywhere. Get Grasshopper Choose a toll-free or local number and select a plan that fits your needs. Adjust Settings We’ll walk you through customizing your voicemail settings from within your online account. Try it Out Call your Grasshopper number and leave a message to see your new voicemail in action! Start a free trial What are the benefits of virtual voicemail? Keep your personal voicemail separate from work with a dedicated business voicemail box. Forward voicemail to email as MP3 files so you can get caught up without leaving your inbox. Easily check your messages from home or on the go through our simple desktop and mobile apps. Sound more professional with voicemail greetings recorded by real voice talent. Grasshopper is the professional choice for virtual voicemail. Stay connected from anywhere with the Grasshopper desktop and mobile apps. Grasshopper is way more than just an online voice message system. Sign up today and get access to great features like: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, extensions and more. Mobile and desktop apps for quick voicemail access, even when you’re on the go Voicemail transcription that sends voicemail to email in text so you can read your messages. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions How can I forward voicemail to email? We’ll take of it for you. When you sign up for Grasshopper with your email address, we automatically designate that email as the destination for any new voicemail messages. Of course, you can change the email address we send to at any time. Will I be notified of new voicemails with Grasshopper? Yes. Our iPhone and Android apps will push notifications to your phone whenever you have a new voicemail (same for missed calls or texts). With our voicemail to email service, you’ll also get email notifications, plus the voicemail itself as an MP3 attachment. How many messages can Grasshopper store and for how long? There’s no limit to how many messages we store for your online voicemail, but we only hold on to them for 30 days. Can I record my own voicemail greetings? Of course! You can record your own voicemail greetings via phone, or you can upload your voicemail greetings from your computer. You can also use our Grasshopper voice studio to get professionally recorded messages for a small cost. Can I download and save my voicemail messages? Anytime you want! Just sign in to your online Grasshopper account and select Download from the message you want to store. Or, you can simply grab the voicemail MP3 attachment from your inbox, because Grasshopper automatically sends voicemail to email whenever you have a new message. How many voicemail extensions can I have Depends on the Grasshopper plan you choose. See our plans & pricing. For every extension you create, you get a separate virtual voicemail box. That way, each of your employees can easily check their own messages and customize their greetings. Easily access voicemail messages from anywhere. Work from anywhere and stay connected with virtual voicemail from Grasshopper. Start a free trial Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway