Business Insights for Entrepreneurs - Resources from Grasshopper Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Keep Current with Business Insights From thank you cards and voicemail greetings, to auto-replies and networking groups ... there's a lot to keep up with! We're keeping up on current trends and will keep you focused on what the nice touches in business are (if that's not your thing). Previous Next Perfect Business Thank You Notes: Examples and Advice Writing a thank you note? We’ve got examples, printable notes, and advice on how to write perfect ones. Cute Voicemail Greetings– Tips and Advice Need a cute, sassy, and professional voicemail greeting? We've got the best tips for you! Is a BNI Membership Worth It For You and Your Business? In this post, we weigh the pros and cons of a BNI membership to help you determine if it's worthwhile for you as a small business owner. Slide one Slide two Slide three 1-800-READ-NOWWhy Vanity Phone Numbers Work Learn why vanity numbers are so successful for businesses all around the globe. Get information and check features and pricing to see if a vanity number is right for you. National Handshake DayBody Language that Will Get You Ahead in Business Learn how body language and storytelling hand gestures can show you mean business. Also, make sure you're not doing these harmful facial expressions. Nap Time in the WorkplaceThe Secret Weapon Your Business Might Be Missing Employees who don't get enough sleep can cost businesses millions. Find out if power naps are something you should consider for your office. BE WHERE THEY ARETalking to Customers: Phone vs. Email Find out when you should email vs when you should use the phone. While many of us rely on email to talk with customers, sometimes it's important to pick up the phone instead. Women in Business: Celebrating Women's History Month What Really Motivates Employees? It's not you it's me: How to Determine When to Fire Your Client How to Really Network at Conferences and Events Famous Entrepreneurs First Jobs: Buffet, Gates, Jobs, Dell, Disney, and More! How to Build a Phone Tree That Will Drive Customers Elsewhere Entrepreneurship: U.S. & Europe Venture Capital: Who Are The Entrepreneurs Getting Funding? Small Business Saturday Statistics | What You Need to Know Inside The Brain of Gordon Gekko The Future is Now - Technological Predictions What Is Your Entrepreneurial Spirit Animal? A Quiz! Top Myths About Entrepreneurs Debunked 9 Common Myths About Entrepreneurs Why Use Local Numbers? Evolution of the Internet - Hint, It's Awesome The Blog Economy - Information About the Blog Community What is a Virtual PBX? What is Virtual Voicemail? The Best States to Incorporate: A Concise Guide 8 Perks of Coworking Spaces for Savvy Entrepreneurs 10 Questions You Should Be Asking As Your Business Grows How to Skip the PR Agency and Do It Yourself Toll Free Numbers for Consulting Companies Toll Free Numbers for Construction Businesses Toll Free Numbers for Ecommerce Companies Toll Free Numbers for Finance Companies Toll Free Numbers for Healthcare Companies Toll Free Numbers for Marketing & Advertising Companies Toll Free Numbers for Non Profits Toll Free Numbers for Real Estate Companies/Agents Toll Free Numbers for Tech Companies Toll Free Numbers for Startups Want to get new content like this from us each month? Sign up for our newsletter! »× Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds