16 Questions to Ask When Choosing a Virtual PBX System - Grasshopper Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates 16 Questions to Ask When Choosing a Virtual PBX Ask the right questions to find the right system Choosing a phone system may seem like a small task when you are starting a business but it’s certainly an important one. Your customers need to be able to reach you and you need to sound like a professional business. Here are 16 questions to ask yourself to make sure you are choosing the right virtual PBX for your business: 1. Do you currently have a phone number for your business? If you already have a phone number for your business, you need to determine if you’d like to keep it, get rid of it or supplement it with another number. Is it on marketing materials? A website? What effort will need to go into changing it? Looking for the perfect number for your business? Look no further. Join over 300,000 Entrepreneurs No expensive hardware to purchase or install Forward calls anywhere, any time Get your number » or See How it Works » 2. Do you want to keep your current phone number? If you do want to keep your current number you can have it ported into Grasshopper. Number porting, or number transferring, is relatively easy. 3. Where are your customers located? Where your customers are located can have a big impact on the phone number or numbers you choose. Maybe you want to achieve a local presence in communities you serve but are no physically in. A toll free number may be beneficial for a business serving customers across the country or globe. 4. Do you need a toll free number? A toll free number can help a small business appear much more professional while at the same time giving your customers an easy and free way to get in touch with you. 5. Do you need a local number? Often businesses will use both a toll free and a local number but other times just one will do. If you want to have a local presence in a particular community, a local number may be what you need. 6. Do you want a vanity number? We’ve all seen them before: 1-800-Flowers, 1-888-Best-Buy, 1-800-Contacts. These are vanity numbers and can give customers an easy way to remember your phone number. Are there any keywords or phrases that best represent your business? 7. Do you work out of an office, home or anywhere it pleases you? If you work out of an office or your home it’s easy to take business calls. If work from your local coffee shop or even in your car, taking a business call can be difficult. It’s loud, you’re in line, you’re getting gas. Grasshopper can forward calls to your cell phone and allow you to hear who’s calling you before you answer, letting you decide whether to send them to voicemail or take the call. 8. Are you often on the go? If so, you don’t want to miss important business calls. Calls are forwarded to whatever number you choose and voicemails are sent as emails to your smartphone. 9. Do you work internationally? If you find yourself traveling outside of the US, it’s important you choose a phone system that can forward calls to international numbers. 10. How many employees do you have? How many employees you have will dictate how large you need your phone system to be (extensions & minutes). 11. Do you plan on growing your staff in the near future? If you plan on growing your company, you need a phone system that can grow with you. Employees will need their own voicemail boxes so it’s important to choose a phone system that allows you to set up additional extensions at no charge and a minute plan that’s affordable. 12. Do you have a support or sales team? If so, a virtual phone system will allow you to set up departmental extensions. For example, press 1 for sales or 2 for support. 13. What type of phone are you currently using? Whether you are using a business phone, cell phone or home phone, you can take your calls on any phone. 14. How many minutes do you use a month on business calls? The number of minutes you need will dictate which plan you will need. We offer four plans for those who need very little minutes to those who need up to 10,000. 15. Do you see this increasing? If you think your minute usage will increase, you can change plans at any time. 16. Do you send or receive faxes to your business? A virtual phone number can receive faxes the same way a regular phone number can. Faxes are stored online and can be accessed at any point. If you regularly send faxes, you should select a phone system that allows to you to send outbound faxes through your number as well Once you have answered these questions you are on your way to picking the perfect virtual pbx for your business. For more information: How a Virtual PBX Works FAQs Plans & Pricing Popular Content How to Effectively Introduce Your Business to Potential Customers Engage Your Customers with Perfect Welcome Emails Online Payment Solutions - Google Checkout vs PayPal vs Amazon Payments The Startup's Guide To Virtual Phone Systems 10 Must Read Blogs for Entrepreneurs Ultimate Guide to Startup Competitions Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds