Voicemail Transcription | Visual Voicemail to Text - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Voicemail transcriptions, right to your email. Save time and stay connected with voicemail-to-text transcription from Grasshopper. Start a free trial What is voicemail transcription? Voicemail transcription converts your voicemails to text so you can read them on your computer, iPhone, or Android device. The visual voicemail transcription service from Grasshopper helps you quickly and conveniently get the message when you can’t listen to the recording. Get your voicemails transcribed when you start a free trial. How to transcribe voicemail to email: Grasshopper transcribes voicemails to text for you so you can save time. Get Grasshopper Sign up today and choose a local, toll-free, or vanity number for your business. Adjust Settings Add the email addresses you’d like your messages forwarded to. Try it Out Make a test call, leave yourself a voicemail, and see it work! Start a free trial What are the benefits of voicemail transcription? Make decisions faster by browsing your voicemails in email rather than listening and re-listening to the recording. Get important messages when you can’t take a call and reply back easily by texting. Keep searchable records of your business voicemails that you can store in your CRM or lead generation systems. Read your messages on the go using the Grasshopper apps for iPhone or Android. Transcribe voicemail to text with our free trial. The professional choice for voicemail transcription. Transcribe voicemails to text without lifting a finger. There’s more to Grasshopper than just visual voicemail-to-text transcription. Get access to tons of great features: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, custom greetings, call forwarding, and lots more. The ability to send and receive text messages on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps to help you manage communications with ease. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions How can I check my voicemails in Grasshopper? There are lots of ways to check your messages, so go with what’s most convenient. We’ll send you an email notification after every voicemail with a text transcription and an MP3 or WAV recording attached. But you can also sign in online and check the Messages tab, or get the desktop and mobile apps to see them there. Can voicemail transcriptions go to multiple email addresses? Yes! You can add up to 15 different email addresses for each of your Extensions within Grasshopper. In the Extensions section of your online account, click “Edit” and then “Add email address” to set them up. Stay connected even when you can’t listen. Read your voicemails instead, with voicemail transcription from Grasshopper. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway