Grasshopper Desktop & Mobile Apps | Run Your Business Anywhere ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Run your business from anywhere. Be available whenever business calls with our apps for desktop and mobile. Start a free trial What are the Grasshopper apps? You’re a busy small business owner. You don’t have time to be tied to an office, let alone a desk phone. By using the Grasshopper desktop or mobile apps you can access your phone system from anywhere! Mobile App Use the Grasshopper app for business calls and texts, while your personal calls and texts stay totally separate. Both your personal and business phone numbers on one phone. Desktop App Use your internet connection to make and receive VoIP calls and text messages, view voicemails, and see your call history so you can respond to clients efficiently. Download How to use the Grasshopper apps: Grasshopper works great on Mac, Windows (PC), iOS, and Android devices. Get Grasshopper Choose a toll-free or local number and select a plan that fits your needs. Download the Apps Install the Grasshopper apps on your desktop and/or mobile device. Get Going Sign in and start taking or making business calls from anywhere! Start a free trial How can the Grasshopper apps help? Use Grasshopper for business calls to keep your work and personal lives separate. Experience the freedom and flexibility of working from anywhere on any device. Send and receive text messages from your business number by using the app. View your call history to follow-up on missed calls quickly and easily. Read voicemail transcriptions to save time and stay connected when you can’t pick up. Get the most out of Grasshopper. Run your business better with professional features for communication. By getting your phone number through Grasshopper, you also get access to a ton of great features: A full virtual phone system with custom greetings, on-hold music, and lots more. Multiple extensions and a name directory for everyone on your team. Call forwarding so you can answer clients wherever you do business. A virtual phone system in your pocket. Grasshopper gives you the features you need to stay connected on the go. Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Call Recording Set up automatic recording for all inbound calls, all outbound calls, or both. Available on every extension. Frequently Asked Questions How does calling with the Grasshopper desktop app work? The desktop app uses VoIP to place calls using your internet connection. You’ll want a headset and a good WiFi connection. You can make outbound calls from your business number to any contact. For inbound calls, we'll ring your desktop and your forwarding number at the same time. We'll try to reach you on the desktop for 30 seconds. If you don't answer, we'll continue to follow your call forwarding rules for the rest of your forwarding numbers. And if you still don’t pick up after that, the call will go to voicemail. What are the system requirements for the desktop app? To download the desktop app, you'll need: • 64-bit macOS 10.9 or later • 64-bit Windows 7 or later • Minimum 4GB of RAM • Minimum Bandwidth 128kbps, Latency < 40msec Can I transfer calls between the desktop app and to the mobile app? Not quite yet! Right now, calls made or received on the desktop app have to stay there until the call’s over. Our teams are hard at work to make call transfers possible. Stay tuned! Does the Grasshopper mobile app use VoIP calling too? The default setting for the mobile app is to make and receive calls through your carrier network. But you can switch to VoIP calling if your service is spotty or you want to conserve minutes. Go to Settings > WiFi Calling > Enable. Grasshopper will then default to using WiFi for future calls. Can I configure the desktop app to launch when I click on a phone number in a web browser? Unfortunately, we do not currently offer any plug-ins or extensions for this functionality. But as we continue to build out Grasshopper, it’s something we’re considering! Use your business phone number anywhere. Take your business on the go with the Grasshopper desktop and mobile apps. Start a free trial Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway