Cute Voicemail Greetings for Girls and Guys – Tips and Advice Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Cute Voicemail Greetings – Tips and Advice 1. Always Smile Don’t you want to seem friendly, personable, and irresistible to your callers? Then smile! You might be shaking your head right now, saying, “But they can’t see me through the phone…why should I smile?” But people are smarter than you think. A study by the University of Portsmouth showed that people can tell when you’re happy to hear from them, even though they can’t see your face or body language. If you don’t think smiling makes a difference, record two different voicemails: one where you’re smiling and one where you’re not. Which one sounds better? 2. Be Yourself (No Phony, Over The Top Voices) There’s nothing worse than an over the top voice that sounds like you’re putting on an act. People are known to use “up talk,” which can make you seem dumber than you really are. The key to a cute voicemail is to be yourself. You’re perfectly cute and special - you don't need a phony voice to prove it. 3. Keep it Short and Sweet The average adult attention span is a measly 8 seconds, so you best be keeping those personal greetings short and snappy. Don’t say more than you need to say. Simply state who you are and ask callers to leave a message. If you’re running a business and have more information to share, do so as succinctly as possible, or get a virtual phone system that helps you re-direct callers to various extensions. 4. Don’t Play a Mean Joke on Your Callers It might seem funny to prank your callers and trick them into thinking you’re somebody else, but this isn’t cute at all. It’s mean! Even if something sarcastic or crazy seems hilarious to you, think again if you want to be cute. Negativity and unkind greetings will trump any smiles and cuteness. 5. Resist The Urge to Sing Even if you star in Broadway Musicals, please resist the urge to sing! A sing-songy greeting catches people off guard. It can be confusing, disorienting, and difficult to understand. Plus, if we’re being completely honest, singing isn’t cute. It might work for some of your friends, but if you get a professional call from a customer, boss, or co-worker, you’re going to sound a tad whackadoo. 6. Convince a Celebrity to Do It Most of us don’t know any celebrities, but *the dream* is to get a celebrity to do your voicemail. NPR’s Wait Wait Don’t Tell Me radio show is famous for doing listeners’ voicemails. At Grasshopper, we have a voice studio with a ton of voices—they’re not celebrities, but they’re just as great. 7. Find Someone Who Has a Voice You Love If you want something professional and cute, then consider asking a friend, family member, or acquaintance to record a voicemail for you. They can give you an introduction that’s cute and tailored to you. Just make sure they don’t pretend to be you. Make sure they say “Hi, you’ve reached Vanessa’s voicemail” instead of “Hi, this is Vanessa.” Looking for the perfect number for your business? Look no further. Join over 300,000 Entrepreneurs No expensive hardware to purchase or install Forward calls anywhere, any time Get your number » or See How it Works » Popular Content How to Effectively Introduce Your Business to Potential Customers Engage Your Customers with Perfect Welcome Emails Online Payment Solutions - Google Checkout vs PayPal vs Amazon Payments The Startup's Guide To Virtual Phone Systems 10 Must Read Blogs for Entrepreneurs Ultimate Guide to Startup Competitions Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds