Get a Local Number for Your Business | Grasshopper Free Trial ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Get a local number for your business. Connect with your local community by using a local number. submit Enter your preferred 3-digit area code to generate a list of available phone numbers. Select from these numbers: Don’t see one you like? Get a new batch of numbers. Oops, something went wrong. Please try again. What is a local number? A local number is one that starts with an area code specifically for a particular region, city, or state. Many potential customers prefer to support local businesses, and a local number will allow you to advertise your company within the community. If you're switching providers, local number portability (LNP) and full mobile number portability (FMNP) lets you keep your existing number that has been assigned by a local exchange carrier (LEC). With Grasshopper, small businesses can now get “virtual” local phone numbers. It’s the easiest way to get a local business number in any city of your choice – whether you live there or not! Pick a local number and start using it with our free trial! How to get a local number: Setting up a local phone number is simple with Grasshopper. Pick an Area Code Decide on a region and find an available local phone number from our huge inventory. Select a Plan From solopreneurs to small businesses, we’ve got the right plan for you! Register Sign up for Grasshopper and start taking calls on your local business number today! Pick a local number The benefits of a local business phone number: Give your business a trusted feel that appeals to local customers. Establish a local presence in multiple cities by adding more local numbers. Call and text from your local business number so people are more likely to pick up. Keep work and personal calls separate, even if you’re using the same phone. Get started with a 7-day free trial. No credit card required. Simply confirm your number, create an account, and log in to start your free trial. Start a free trial The professional choice for local numbers. Get a local number for your business in any city or state. When you buy a local phone number through Grasshopper, you also give your business the tools it needs to scale and grow: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, voicemail transcription, call-forwarding, and lots more. Send and receive text messages on your local number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you never miss a call, even when you’re on the go. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions What are the most well-known area codes? Unsurprisingly, most of the big cities top the list. If you’re looking for a recognizable area code for your local business number, take your pick: Boston (617), Hawaii (808), New Orleans (504), New York City (212), Los Angeles (310, 424), San Francisco (415), Denver (303), Atlanta (404), Seattle (206). Does Grasshopper support international calls? We absolutely do. You can call internationally using your local number from the Grasshopper mobile and desktop apps. This feature is disabled by default, but you can enable it easily by reaching out to our customer support team and placing a deposit. Can I get a local number that spells out my company name? Unfortunately, Grasshopper does not offer vanity services for local phone numbers, but you can absolutely get a vanity toll-free number that fits your business or whatever name you are looking for! Check out our vanity number search tool. Can I port my local number? Yes! Porting your number to Grasshopper is easy & free. You'll be assigned a temporary number to use while you set up your system. Complete the transfer form and once the number port goes through, you can use your existing local number. Does my local number need to match my company's physical address? No, your number does not need to match, and users can choose their own area code when picking an available phone number. How is a local number different from a toll-free number? A local number gives your business the appearance of having a local presence — a valuable trait to many potential customers. Local companies are often viewed by customers as offering higher quality products and more reliable customer service when compared to a national or international chain. A local virtual number lets you stay connected with your customers no matter where you are, so the quality of your services never suffers. Plus, customers are more likely to answer an incoming call from a local number compared to one with a toll-free area code. Toll-free numbers offer their own advantages. If your customers are located all over the country, a toll-free number lets them contact you free of charge no matter where they are calling from. Check out our toll-free numbers page to see if this is the right choice for your company. Is it possible to have more than one local number? Yes! You can add additional local numbers to your Grasshopper account at any time for just $10 more per month. Additional fees apply if you add a vanity number or toll-free number with an 800 prefix. Why should my business use a local number? Many consumers use local directories when searching for a product or service, and a local number will allow your business to advertise within the community. Using a local area code for your organization lets you show potential customers that you operate locally when compared to a global corporation. Give your business a local phone number. Build trust and loyalty with a local phone number from Grasshopper. Pick a local number Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway