Free Phone Number Porting | Port Local & Toll Free Numbers ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Port your existing phone number for free. Already have a great phone number? Easily transfer it to Grasshopper for free! Transfer your number Get all the benefits of the Grasshopper phone system, without changing the number your customers already know and love. What is number porting? Number porting is a simple process that allows you to transfer a phone number (that you already own) to Grasshopper. Skip the hassle of having to notify your clients and update your advertising with a new number. You can access all the benefits of the Grasshopper system, with your old number! How to port a number: Transferring your phone number to Grasshopper is no problem. Get Grasshopper You'll be assigned a temporary number to use while you set up your Grasshopper system. Port Your Number We'll provide you with a transfer form to start the process. Start Calling Once we confirm the number port went through, you’re ready to go! Transfer your number Transferring your phone number to Grasshopper is no problem. The benefits of porting a phone number Anyone who already has your number can still reach you – no effort required on your end. Switch to a system with better functionality without losing the number you like. Keep your number as you switch from a landline to a virtual phone system. Save time and money by not having to update your website, business cards, and marketing materials. Go virtual and take your existing phone system to the cloud. Start a trial and port your existing number. Grasshopper makes it easy to keep your number. Take advantage of powerful new features on your current number. Porting phone numbers is just the start. Transfer your phone number to Grasshopper and get: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, voicemail transcription, call-forwarding, and additional features. The ability to send and receive text messages on your existing number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you never miss a call, even when you’re on the go. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions Can I port a mobile number? Yes, you can port any eligible number that you own, whether it's mobile, landline, virtual, local or toll-free. However, if you're porting a number associated with a cell phone, and you would like to continue to use your cell phone, you will need to reach out to your carrier to obtain a new number. Grasshopper will need a phone number to forward calls. Does Grasshopper replace my service provider? Grasshopper is a virtual phone system that provides a number of great features, but you still need a service provider, over whose network your calls will be made. If you are porting in a number that is currently associated with a physical phone and you would like to continue to use that device, you will need to reach out to your carrier to obtain a new number for that physical device. Grasshopper will need a phone number to forward calls. How long does it take to port a mobile number? It varies depending on your situation and the service through which you currently have the number. A couple business days is common, but it could take up to two weeks. We know waiting is tough, but it’s worth it! Can I port toll-free numbers? You sure can. Once you submit your transfer request, we take it from there and work with your current service provider to handle everything. And of course, your number is yours to keep, even if you decide to change again in the future. How much does it cost to port my number? Where can I port my number for free? Porting your number to Grasshopper is free. However, be sure to check with your current service, for any port-out fees they may charge. Keep personal and business calls separate. Keep your number and save time with number porting for Grasshopper. Transfer your number Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway