Small Business Tax Deductions - A Complete List Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Tax Deductions The Deductions Small Business Owners Should Know Whether you're an established business owner or just in the beginning stages of running your business, saving every penny matters. Tax season is synonymous with owing money. However, if you're a business owner, one of the perks is that you have a lot of tax deductions at your fingertips that will help you save. Below, we list and explain important tax deductions you should keep in mind. Small Business Deductions The following tax deductions are for established small business owners Professional Service Deductions When you're running a business, you rely on a lot of professional services outside the office. Well guess what? Those services are tax deductible! Contractor and freelancer fees can be deducted as a business expense. In addition, professional fees for accountants, consultants, and lawyers are all deductible – just as long as you follow a few guidelines: Professional service fees are typical and necessary Service fees are acquired when carrying on a trade or business Fees are reasonable in amount Fees are paid or acquired during the taxable year Schmoozing Client Deductions Believe it or not, you can deduct expenses for client entertainment – as long as it passes the directly-related test. The rules for this test are as follows: Entertainment took place in a business setting Purpose of the entertainment was in fact business, and business was discussed When it comes to employer or client gifts, you’re only allowed to deduct $25 for a gift you gave to each person during your tax year. For example, if you bought a $100 gift for two clients ($200 total), you would only be able to deduct $50. Employee Deductions Employee benefits such as health plans and life insurance are tax deductible. In addition, any contributions you make to employees' profit-sharing and pension plans are tax deductible as well. Car and Truck Expenses Whether you're using your car or a company truck, you can deduct the cost of operating the vehicle, as long as you have the records to prove the vehicle was used for business. There’s also a tax deduction for auto maintenance, parking, and tolls. Other Small Business Deductions The following deductions can be tax deductible for the entire cost in the year of the purchase or depreciated over several years. Office equipment Furniture Software Internet hosting and services Telephone charges Startup Deductions Startup expenses can be deducted once the business starts. Just remember, a startup expense only counts if it's an expense made during the development and planning phase of your business. Once your business doors are open and business transactions are happening, all expenses would be considered traditional operating expenses. You can choose to deduct up to $5,000 for the first year and the rest amortized over 15 years. The most important thing to note is that there must be sufficient records and receipts. A startup cost is amortizable if it meets the following terms: It's a cost you paid in order to operate an existing business. An expense you made before the day your active business began. The startup costs include amounts paid for the following: Travel expenses Marketing and advertisements for starting the business Employee pay for those who are being trained Salaries and fees for executives and consultants Home Office Deductions Professionals who work from home are eligible for numerous tax deductions. If your home office is your regular place of business, you could be eligible to deduct the following home-related expenses: Property taxes Homeowners insurance Utilities Moving machinery Repairs that keep your property in efficient operating condition Supplies and materials In addition, if you use your personal vehicle for business travel or pay for meals and hotel accommodations out of your own pocket, these expenses might quality for a tax deduction – only if your employer isn't reimbursing you. Quick links Publication 587 Business Use of Your Home | IRS Business Expenses You Can Deduct | IRS 75 Items You May Be Able to Deduct from Your Taxes | Entrepreneur Top Ten Most Often Missed Business Tax Deductions | AccountingWEB Popular Content How to Effectively Introduce Your Business to Potential Customers Engage Your Customers with Perfect Welcome Emails Online Payment Solutions - Google Checkout vs PayPal vs Amazon Payments The Startup's Guide To Virtual Phone Systems 10 Must Read Blogs for Entrepreneurs Ultimate Guide to Startup Competitions Want to get new content like this from us each month? Sign up for our newsletter! »× Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds