Virtual Phone Number - Get a Number for Your Business - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Virtual Phone Numbers for Small Businesses Your business phone number combined with a complete virtual phone system. Start a free trial How Grasshopper helps you do business: All the communication tools your business needs to sound big and grow bigger. Separate work and personal. Get a virtual phone number for your business, plus all of the features of a robust phone system without the expense of additional devices. That way, your personal number stays private and you always know when business is calling. Look and sound professional. Grasshopper lets you know when a call is business related so you can put your best voice forward. Your business will look bigger with features such as custom greetings and extensions that welcome callers and direct them to the right department or employee. Never miss a call. Make and receive business calls and texts from anywhere with our desktop or mobile apps. Take multiple calls at the same time by routing them to another phone or team member, so your customers never hear another busy signal. Get up and running in minutes! Start a free trial Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Over 400,000 happy customers served. Here's what a few of them have to say about Grasshopper. We chose Grasshopper because we need all of our customer communications to be pushed to the same place. Jonathan Heuer, Home Maintenance Having a phone number on our site increased conversion of site visitors to sign up and paid users. Allan Branch, Accountant Grasshopper lets my company scale like never before. Now, my entire team is accessible to our customers since all employees can answer calls despite their location or time zone. Glenda Dorn, Retail Management Grasshopper has helped me transition from being perceived as a small "mom and pop shop" to a professional business, which is a top priority for the success of my company. Jose Greer, Personal Chef Explore Grasshopper's business resources: Learn more about ways to sound professional and grow your business. Customer Spotlight Grasshopper helped Destin Vacation Boat Rentals set sail during their busy season by ensuring every call found an available rep. Learn More » 5 Reasons to go Virtual In today’s fast-paced environment, a virtual phone system is a great alternative to old-fashioned systems. Read More » G2 Crowd Recognition The results are in! Grasshopper has been named a leader in G2 Crowd's VoIP category! Read about it here » Learn more about ways to sound professional and grow your business. Your business needs its own virtual phone number. Choose from our inventory of local, toll free, and vanity toll free numbers. Start a free trial Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway