Entrepreneurial Growth Resources from Grasshopper Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Entrepreneur Development Resources Your life as an entrepreneur is different than the lives of your friends and family. There's so much more you need to be on top of and aware of. Learn how to better balance it all, what other entrepreneurs are experiencing, and find ways to expand your entrepreneurial experience. Previous Next Books Every Entrepreneur Should Read Looking for a book to help you along your entrepreneurial journey? We've got some top picks in many categories and our own recommended reads! Entrepreneurship Built to Succeed Industry experts discussing entrepreneurship that is future-proof with specific areas of focus including growing your business, reaching your audience, and managing the work-life balance. Entrepreneurship Scholarships: Your Guide to Funding Your Education We've got your go-to resource for awesome entrepreneur scholarship opportunities to help you find the funding to build a strong educational foundation. Slide one Slide two Slide three Our ScholarshipGrasshopper Entrepreneur Scholarship - $5,000 For Students in the 2016 Academic Year Grasshopper is giving back to aspiring entrepreneurs with a $5,000 scholarship. Apply today and get assistance with your education costs! Entrepreneurs through the agesEvolution of the Entrepreneur, from Cavemen to Bill Gates and Beyond From the first wheel, to the internet, and everything in between. We're always evolving and trying new things and doing them better than before. Look at our evolution! #FOLLOWTHESEPEOPLE14 Twitter Feeds Startups/Founders Should Follow You probably never thought that there were a lot of similarities between running a small business and casting a movie but you’d be surprised. Check out some of the key roles for each. You may find they are more alike than you thought. Cover your assetsDecline of Productivity Infographic - The Summer Slump You name it, whether it's the heat, vacations, cookouts, or just gazing out the window like a caged animal - productivity takes a hit in the summer time. Startup Magic 8 Ball - Receive Infinite Wisdom & Sage Advice 5 Biggest Fears For Small Business Owners (And How To Fight Them) 7 Ways to Draw a Line Between Your Business and Personal Life 6 Mind-Expanding Podcasts for Entrepreneurs Roundup: 20 Reads for Women Entrepreneurs, Part I The Spreadable Case Study: Why We Shut Down a Business That Was Making Money The Art of Finding a Mentor: Interview with Dan Martell of Clarity Want to get new content like this from us each month? Sign up for our newsletter! »× Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds