Never Miss a Call with Call Handling Services | Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Take multiple calls with call handling. Make sure your customers never hear a busy signal with simultaneous call handling services from Grasshopper. Start a free trial What is simultaneous call handling? Simultaneous call handling is a phone system feature that forwards callers to the next available forwarding number when they reach a line that’s currently busy or not answering. With simultaneous call handling services, instead of getting a busy signal, the caller hears the normal ringtone so they stay on the line – and so that your team doesn’t miss their call. This makes high call volume much easier to manage. How to set up call handling: Record business phone greetings on your own or with the help of professional voice actors. Get Grasshopper Sign up today and choose a local, toll-free, or vanity number for your business. Or, port your current number! Set Up Forwarding Add the phone number of each team member. Answer Calls Calls will automatically forward until someone from your team answers! Start a free trial What are the benefits of call handling software? Answer every customer call, even during instances of high call volume. Make your business sound more professional by removing busy signals altogether. Keep customers on the line so your team has the chance to pick up and help out. Answer incoming calls from wherever you or your team are working using our desktop and mobile apps. Grasshopper is the simple choice for call handling software. Never miss a single customer’s call due to being on another call. Automated call handling helps your business take every call, but Grasshopper can help you with even more, including: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, extensions and other essentials. The ability to send and receive text messages on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you’re always connected, even when you’re on the go. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions How do I customize my call handling settings with Grasshopper? The settings for handling calls with Grasshopper are underneath the Extensions tab in your online account. Choose your extension, click Edit, and hit the button to add forwarding numbers. You can then adjust the forwarding order, when that number is available and how Grasshopper should handle calls to that number. How many numbers can I forward my calls to? Up to a maximum of 15 phone numbers per extension. Each number rings in order for the number of seconds you specify. Keep in mind that the more numbers you add, the longer a customer may wait! How can I reduce call handling time? You can easily change the ring time for your forwarding numbers so that callers don’t wait too long on each attempt. For a small extra fee, you can also have calls ring all your forwarding numbers simultaneously through our Call Blasting feature to cut down on call handling time. Never let your customers hear a busy signal. Take calls from multiple customers at a time with call handling from Grasshopper. Start a free trial Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway