Ruby Virtual Receptionist Service for Your Business | Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Have real, live virtual receptionists answer your calls. Save time and turn more callers into customers by adding Ruby to your Grasshopper account. Get Grasshopper Meet Ruby®! Grasshopper is proud to bring live, US-based receptionists to our users. Like Grasshopper, Ruby is all about helping small business owners achieve more—whether it’s saving time, impressing customers, or winning new clients. Ruby receptionists can answer calls to your Grasshopper number when you can’t. Ruby is available 24/7, 365 days a year. You can turn the service on or off with the tap of a button, so you can use Ruby full-time, part-time, or as backup! Receptionists greet your callers with a personalized message based on your instructions and needs. Additionally, Ruby can handle scheduling, payment processing, new client intake, and more. Already have Grasshopper? If you’re already a Grasshopper customer, you can add Ruby to your account at any time! How to get started with Ruby Here’s how to add Ruby’s live virtual receptionists to your Grasshopper account. Get Grasshopper Sign up today and choose a local, toll-free, or vanity number for your business. Or, port your current number! Add Ruby After completing your purchase, follow the prompts to add Ruby. You’ll have a call with Ruby right away to get things set up! Let Ruby Take Calls! Relax knowing that calls will be answered by receptionists who can take messages, connect callers to you, and more. Get Grasshopper What are the benefits of Ruby’s live virtual receptionists? Boost business. Turn more callers into customers with live answering during extended business hours. Save money. With Ruby, your receptionists are never sick, late, or on vacation—for a fraction of the cost of a full-time hire. Focus on work. Ruby can take daily administrative tasks like intake, scheduling, and appointment reminders off your plate. Wow customers. Ruby makes meaningful connections that build relationships, leading to increased loyalty, referrals, and returning business. Get started with a 7-day free trial of Grasshopper. No credit card required. Simply confirm your number, create an account, and log in to start your free trial. Start a free trial Grasshopper offers Ruby as an add-on, and so much more. All the communication tools you need to sound big and grow bigger. Adding Ruby to your account to help answer business calls is just one small part of Grasshopper. When you sign up, you also get access to: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, custom greetings, and more. Toll-free, vanity and local numbers that help you build your brand. SMS texts that you can send and receive on your business number. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions What's the difference between an answering service and a virtual receptionist service? Answering services are often easily recognizable as a “service.” They typically perform only simple tasks, such as forwarding messages, and can be impersonal. Virtual receptionists can do everything an answering service does and so much more. At Ruby, virtual receptionists are real people who sound as if they’re right in your office, transferring calls live, and relaying vital information to callers. Who is answering my phone? Ruby’s US-based receptionists are the best in the business. Ruby hires exceptional service professionals who delight in making others happy—then gives them 120 hours of training and equips them with proprietary technology to handle your calls with the perfect mix of friendliness and professionalism. Can Ruby transfer calls to my cell phone or to my home? Ruby’s virtual receptionists can transfer calls to any phone number you wish (other than the one forwarded to Ruby), whether it’s an office line, home line, or cell phone. (Additional fees may apply for numbers outside of North America.) Many customers provide multiple phone numbers so that there are a variety of ways to reach them. How does Ruby know if I’m available to take calls? After signing up with Ruby, an expert onboarding specialist will contact you to talk through how you want your calls handled when you’re available and when you’re not. You can update your availability status and instructions as frequently as you like! For example, you can request to have calls transferred to your cell phone, calls held for an allotted amount of time if you’re in an important meeting, or have detailed information relayed to your callers. You can update your status with Ruby’s mobile app, at my.call-ruby.com—or by emailing or calling Ruby! What happens when I’m unavailable to take calls? When you’re unavailable, Ruby’s virtual receptionists can take a message, transfer to voicemail, or offer the caller the choice between the two—whichever you prefer. They can even transfer the call to someone else if you’d like! Learn more about how Ruby helps your business. Discover the power of a phone call and how virtual receptionists create better customer experiences in Ruby’s guide: how to turn more callers into customers. Learn more × Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway