Customize Phone Greetings for your Business - Grasshopper ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Act now and save BIG! Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Answer every call professionally with automatic greetings. Customize your business phone greeting to welcome and direct your customers. Start a free trial What are custom phone greetings? A custom business phone greeting is a recording that plays automatically when a customer calls. They can be set to play right at the start as a professional welcome, as a voicemail greeting, or even as an away message when you can’t answer. Business phone greetings can give your small business a larger and more professional appearance. They can also help you save on labor costs by replacing a live secretary for answering calls. How to set up a professional phone greeting for businesses: Record business phone greetings on your own or with the help of professional voice actors. Get Grasshopper Choose a toll-free or local number and select a plan that fits your needs. Adjust Settings Wear a good headset to record from your computer and upload the file to Grasshopper. Use our Voice Studio Or, write your phone greeting script and have a professional voice actor record it, for a small fee. Start a free trial What are the benefits of business phone greetings? Welcome customers with a professionally recorded greeting that can direct their call. Take advantage of automated greetings rather than pay to have an employee standing by. Record a business voicemail greeting so customers never hear your personal voicemail greeting. Let customers know when you’re not available with custom greetings for away and vacation messages. Professional options for phone greetings. Sound bigger with custom, professional phone greetings and more. Business phone greetings and pre-recorded voicemail greetings are just one piece of Grasshopper. When you sign up, you also get access to: A full virtual phone system with VoIP, call forwarding, extensions and other essentials. The ability to send and receive text messages on your business number. Mobile and desktop apps to ensure you’re always connected, even when you’re on the go. Explore Grasshopper's features: Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Frequently Asked Questions Can I record a phone greeting by calling in? You absolutely can. Recording by phone is just one way to record your business phone greeting or voicemail greeting with Grasshopper. But for the best quality, we recommend using a mic and headset on your computer to record the file and then upload it to Grasshopper. Can I play different phone greetings on different numbers? Of course! If you have multiple numbers through Grasshopper, you can have each play a different greeting. Just select the number within Settings and choose which pre-recorded phone greeting you’d like to use. Can I use Grasshopper to announce employee extensions? Yes! Grasshopper lets you set up extensions for your employees that customers can search through when they call. You can even record greetings with each employee’s name that will play when searching the name directory. How does the Grasshopper Voice Studio work? If you’d prefer to have professionals record your main phone greeting or voicemail greeting, check out the Grasshopper Voice Studio. We have several professional voice actors so you can find the right sound for your business, and we can even record in multiple languages, including French and Spanish. Each recording is a $75 service. Easily customize your business phone greetings. Grasshopper helps you answer every call professionally with automatic greetings. Start a free trial Related Links: 866 Phone Numbers New York Phone Numbers 855 Phone Numbers Texas Phone Numbers Los Angeles Phone Numbers Toll Free Phone Numbers Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway