Squarespace vs WordPress - Picking the Best Website Builder Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Squarespace vs. WordPress Which website building tool is best for your small business? Your business needs a good website. Without an internet presence, it’s hard for customers to find information about you and take you seriously. If you don’t have web development skills or the funds to hire a developer, your best bet is to go with Squarespace or WordPress, which allow users who lack coding skills to create professional websites. So what’s the best option for you? Though both solutions give you the ability to create a great site, Squarespace and WordPress each have their own advantages and disadvantages. It depends on what you want for your site—do you want total control? Everything you need bundled together in one place? A totally unique website? There isn’t a definite winner, so check out our table to decide which one best fits your needs. Pros to Both Cons to Both Allow you to create a professional looking website without having to hire a developer Can be expensive to get what you really want out of them Ability to monitor viewers and metrics Do not include email service Both are popular, so each has a large community with answers to problems you might encounter Can be limited without coding knowledge Blog friendly In Summary Squarespace Squarespace is an easy to use platform that allows users without much development experience to create beautiful websites, but doesn’t offer much flexibility or room for creativity beyond the basic customization of themes. WordPress WordPress is a content management system that allows users to write content for their website without having to code. If they do know how to code, it also allows users to take full control of their website and customize it to make it truly their own. Pros Squarespace Everything—domain, hosting, payments, traffic statistics, and mobile-compatible site—are all included together and on the same platform. WordPress WordPress has an open-source platform, so anyone can create plugins and themes and as a result, there are thousands available for use on your site. Cons Squarespace Offers less room for creativity. Beyond editing the content there’s not much else you can do to make your website what you want it to be outside of the developer platform. Blogging capabilities are especially limited. WordPress Though WordPress is free, there are hidden costs—the domain, hosting, better themes, and many plugins need to all be paid for separately. Because anyone can make a plugin, they can be finicky and break your site. To get exactly what you want, you might have to hire someone who’s very familiar with WordPress. Best for Squarespace Less tech-savvy users who want a relatively simple but professional, easy to use and easy to build website. Its visual-focused layouts and easy to use ecommerce makes it perfect for designers, photographers, restaurants, and online shops. WordPress Users who are more comfortable with web development and able/willing to put in the time and effort required to get the most out of the power that WordPress offers. Many developers will also use WordPress as a content management system to give you the ability to update your site after they create it. How much Squarespace Standard: $16/month or $144/year Unlimited: $26/month or $216/year Business: $46/month or $480/year WordPress Beginner: Free Premium: $99/year Business: $299/year Coding skills required Squarespace None, unless you want to use the developer platform WordPress Not for basic customization, but if you want anything different from what’s provided, knowledge of HTML, CSS, and PHP is very important Developer tools Squarespace The developer platform, which enables you to take control of your website using HTML and CSS. However, enabling the developer platform on your existing account will break your current template and design. WordPress Anyone can create their own themes (using CSS, HTML, and PHP) and plugins (using PHP). Themes included Squarespace Only about 30 themes, but all are included and all are good and professional looking WordPress There are a lot, but only basic blog themes are included—if you want a good theme for your website, you need to pay. They range in price but are generally $50-$200. Support Squarespace Live chat, community knowledgebase, and 24/7 email support-usually answered within one hour WordPress Depends on level purchased: Beginner: community support Premium: email support Business: live chat support Hosting Squarespace Websites are hosted on Squarespace’s servers WordPress Users need to find someplace else to host them Plugins available? Squarespace no WordPress yes Mobile friendly? Squarespace yes WordPress May require plugins—some themes are mobile-friendly, some aren’t. E-commerce Squarespace Fully integrated with features such as inventory tracking, tax, and shipping included, but on the lower two plans there is a limit to how much you can sell. WordPress Requires installation of new themes and plugins (except on business package) Security Squarespace Since it’s fully hosted, Squarespace takes care of security and updates for you WordPress There are often security issues with WordPress, and everything you install needs to be updated often Setup fee Squarespace no WordPress no Cancellation fee Squarespace no WordPress no Options Squarespace Standard: A mobile-compatible website, a custom domain, 2 GB of storage, sell unlimited products and accept donations Unlimited: unlimited size, sell unlimited products and access to developer platform Business: sell unlimited products, with real-time carrier shipping, label printing, and integrated accounting WordPress Beginner: basic blog site with 3 GB of space Premium: includes custom site address, 13 GB, no ads, custom design, and email support Business: e-commerce, unlimited space, unlimited premium themes, live chat support History Squarespace Launched in 2004 by Anthony Casalena as a way to combine website building, content management, blogging, and hosting. WordPress Released in 2003 by Matt Mullenweg and Mike Little as the successor of blogging platform b2/cafelog. Squarespace Review Squarespace takes care of almost every aspect of website building for you—all you have to do is design the site. Everything is hosted on Squarespace’s servers, so you don’t have to worry about things like security, updating your site, or even creating a special mobile site. There aren’t a ton of options for customization, but you can’t really go wrong with anything you pick, and if you just want a simple website Squarespace has more than enough to offer you. The Kind of Website You’ll Get With Squarespace, what you see when you’re building is what customers will see when they go to the site, so there won’t be any unexpected changes when your site goes live. Your site will be stunning, and very visual-based—great for photographers, designers, anyone who wants pictures to be the main focus of their website. It will feel kind of cookie-cutter, and chances are there’ll be another website out there pretty similar to yours, but it will impress customers. Pricing Squarespace has three options, all paid. More expensive plans give you more space, the ability to sell more products on your site, and access to the developer platform, which gives you some more control over your website. The Bottom Line If you want a beautiful, professional website but don’t have a lot of coding ability and don’t want to hire a developer, Squarespace is a great choice. You’ll have everything in one place, and since it’s pretty easy to get used to, it won’t take you very long to get your site up and running. Examples Foursquare for Business Destination Kors Surface Magazine Lyft Blog Expensify Review of WordPress WordPress lets you make your website into anything you want—with all the plugins and themes available, there are endless possibilities. Whether you just want a blog or you want to build a whole website, you can do it with WordPress. It can also be used as a content management system, and many developers will use it to allow you to update your site after they build it. To add content and do basic customization, you don’t need to be a skilled programmer but if you want to really take control of your website, coding skills are pretty helpful. The Kind of Website You’ll Get If you don’t want to spend a lot of time on it, you’ll end up with a pretty generic looking blog. But if you have the coding skills and time to really get into it, you can create a truly unique site that does whatever you want it to. If there’s something you want for your website, chances are somebody’s made a plugin for it, and if they haven’t then you can make your own. Pricing WordPress is free, but that’s just for the basic blog. The domain name and hosting service aren’t included so you’ll need to pay for those separately, and if you want a nice theme (most of the free ones aren’t very good) and plugins, those will cost even more. The Bottom Line WordPress is great for skilled developers and people who know what they’re doing, but for the less tech-savvy this can be a little overwhelming. It can take a while to figure out, and if you don’t have the skills or the time to devote to it, you might have to hire someone who does. If you’re able and willing to take advantage of everything you can do with WordPress, then it can allow you to create exactly the website you want. Examples Sacramento Ballet Bates College Usain Bolt Tribune Media Group Tech Crunch Curious about which one is right for you? Here's a quick quiz to help you decide. Start the Quiz » Do you have a web designer or programmer on your staff? Yes No How much design flexibility and customization options do you want? A lot Minimum Do you want access to plugins? Yes No How would you prefer to pay Month-to-Month Yearly How much are you willing to pay? Free Less than $100 per year Less than $200 per year Less than $300 per year Over $300 per year Which support options appeal to you Pick any options that your business needs Community Support Email Support Live Chat 24/7 Support All of the above How important is a mobile-friendly website to you? Very Important Not too important Based on your answers... You got Squarespace! Squarespace is great for less tech-savvy users who want a simple and professional look. It's easy to use and best suited for designers, photographers, restaurants and online shops like you! You got WordPress! You have enough web development experience to take control of this easy-to-use system. You'll really enjoy all the plugins and themes available at your fingertips. Other Options Wix Drag and drop interface where you can insert elements anywhere you want Free version and five paid plans from $7-$30 per month A lot of great templates to choose from, but once you pick one you can’t change Website Builder Simple drag and drop website building interface 10,000 professionally designed templates Free domain name and business email with every upgraded account Weebly Really easy to use drag and drop site builder Free version and three paid versions ranging from $4-$25 per month Jimdo “What you see is what you get” web host Free version and two paid versions at $90 and $240 per year Joomla Second most used CMS after WordPress Open-source and completely free to download Not intuitive and not great SEO Drupal Very powerful CMS used on many corporate and government sites Free Difficult to learn and not a lot of theme options Other Comparisions « Back to Small Business Tools Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds