Body Language that Will Get You Ahead in Business Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates 16 Hand Gestures that Will Get You Ahead in Business Happy National Handshake Day Your heart is beating out of your chest. Your palms will not stop sweating. Your eyes are twitching – could be the coffee you chugged before the meeting or could be the lack of sleep you've had preparing for this moment. All that separates you from starting the business of your dreams is the 90-minute meeting you're about to lead in front of investors, partners, colleagues, and a lot of other scary, important people. No pressure. But really — there is a TON of pressure. So how do you slow down your heart rate? How do you stop the sweat from seeping through your shirt? By tricking your body into thinking you're a boss — because really, in a few days, weeks or years, you will be. You just have to get through this one meeting. In honor of National Handshake Day, we'll share 16 body gestures that'll help you feel and look like the boss you already are or will become. Prep Movements to Get You Pumped Don't walk into that meeting or presentation before doing these movements. These gestures have been scientifically proven to get your mind to a place of "YES I CAN." Smile "Mirror, mirror, on the wall…" OK, you don't need to stare into a mirror and talk to yourself; but practicing smiling before a big presentation does boost your confidence. Smiling (whether real or fake) releases endorphins, slows your heart rate, and relaxes your body because it reduces the stress hormone, cortisol. It's also important to smile during a presentation or meeting as it draws people in to what you're saying. Fist Pump Believe it or not, fist bumping is actually a great way to maintain your "Zen." Many studies have found that muscle-tensing movements help you stay calm. So next time you're feeling nervous, just try fist pumping your way out of it. Wonder Woman Stance You don't need to be a super hero to feel like one. Standing with your chest out, feet wide apart, shoulders back and hands on your hips for two minutes has been proven to make you feel powerful. Psychologists believe that by standing in this pose, you're boosting your self-esteem because you're physically taking up more space and making yourself feel visible. Business Body Language According to an experiment by psycholinguistics Judith Holler and Geoffrey Beatie, hand gestures are proven to increase the value of your message by 60%. Using hand gestures while delivering a speech or presentation helps the audience stay engaged and remember what you say. But — not all hand gestures are created equal. Below, we discuss which gestures improve or harm your delivery. Fight the Fidget Stay away from fidgeting. According to an Adecco USA survey, 26% of applicants are rejected from a position because they fidget in their interviews. According to the hiring managers, fidgeting portrays a lack of confidence and preparation. Twirling your hair and twiddling your thumbs also takes the attention away from what you're saying, as your audience gets distracted. So remember: remain focused so your audience remains focused. Posture Just because it feels like the weight of the world is on your shoulders, doesn't mean you should look like it. Posture is essential to exuding confidence. Shoulders back, head high, core tucked in, and breathe. Story Telling Gestures Spencer Kelly, co-director of the Center for Language and Brain at Colgate University, found that certain gestures make people pay attention to speech: "Gestures are not merely add-ons to language — they may actually be a fundamental part of it," explained Kelly. Below, Mary portrays a few gestures to use in your presentation or meeting that will enhance your story: The Power of a Good Handshake Back in Roman times, soldiers held out their hands to show allies they weren't carrying weapons. Today, the handshake is a respectful greeting that also conveys you mean business. But there is a wrong and right way to go about the handshake. Most important to note, is that in order to create equality amongst colleagues, both palms should remain vertical to create the feeling of mutual respect. If one person tries to move the other palm horizontally, it could be a display of dominance. Not a great way to start a meeting. It's also important for women to practice firm handshakes. In 2001, William Chaplin at the University of Alabama conducted a study on handshakes and found that men had firmer handshakes than women did. However, the women who did have firm handshakes were perceived just as positively as the men. Additional Resrouces Your Body Language Shapes Who You Are | TED Talk 18 Gestures that Can Get You In Trouble Outside the US | New York Post Popular Content How to Effectively Introduce Your Business to Potential Customers Engage Your Customers with Perfect Welcome Emails Online Payment Solutions - Google Checkout vs PayPal vs Amazon Payments The Startup's Guide To Virtual Phone Systems 10 Must Read Blogs for Entrepreneurs Ultimate Guide to Startup Competitions Want to get new content like this from us each month? Sign up for our newsletter! »× Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds