The Grasshopper Blog - Insights for Entrepreneurs Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources Insights for Entrepreneurs Browse Search Products Browse by Skill Level Getting Startedfor the beginner marketer Off the Groundfor the intermediate marketer On a Rollfor the advanced marketer Browse by Type The Hopper Miscellaneous Browse by Topic A/B Testing Blogs Branding Content Marketing Email Marketing Marketing Campaigns & PR Stunts Metrics & ROI PPC Print Marketing SEO Social Media Websites Word of Mouth Search for Browse Products Virtual Phone SystemManage your business on the go 800 Number for Your Business Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Cloud Phone System Featured Story How to Write an Effective Business Introduction Email or Letter by Kaleigh Moore — Published On a Roll on October 25, 2024 Discover how to introduce your business to potential customers with sample emails and letters, CRM tips, social media strategies, and more effective marketing tactics. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer Source: N/A Featured Story Armies of one: How solopreneurs stay connected on-the-go by Melissa Hager — Published Entrepreneurship, Small Business on September 20, 2023 Understand the unique challenges solopreneurs face and see how a virtual phone system can help you stay connected with customers no matter where you are. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer Featured Story Toll-free vs. vanity numbers: What’s the difference? by Tom Mangan — Published on August 04, 2022 A toll-free number confers credibility on your enterprise. It tells people you can afford to pay for their calls. And it triggers their instinct to return the favor, which helps strengthen business relationships. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer < > Newest Most Discussed What is Visual Voicemail vs. Voicemail Transcription by Grasshopper Team — Published Voicemail on October 25, 2024 Explore the differences between visual voicemail and voicemail transcription and find out which is best for managing and accessing your messages efficiently. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer What is SMS Marketing? Top Benefits and Best Practices by Anastasia Sviridenko — Published Marketing & Brands, Small Business, Tips & Tricks on October 25, 2024 We're here to inform you about SMS marketing, how it can benefit your small business, and the steps you must take to reap its benefits. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer What is IVR? Top Benefits and How to Set It Up by Grasshopper Team — Published on October 25, 2024 Discover Interactive Voice Response (IVR), its benefits, and how to set up an IVR system to enhance customer interactions and streamline communication Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer Best Simple CRM Options for Small Businesses by Dan Kenitz — Published on October 25, 2024 Discover the best CRM tools for small businesses. Explore top CRM solutions to manage customer relationships, streamline processes, and boost your business growth Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer How to Write an Effective Business Introduction Email or Letter by Kaleigh Moore — Published On a Roll on October 25, 2024 Discover how to introduce your business to potential customers with sample emails and letters, CRM tips, social media strategies, and more effective marketing tactics. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer Turn your business phone number into a tool for success by Melissa Hager — Published on October 10, 2024 Build lasting connections with a top-notch virtual phone system. Grasshopper and Ruby are here to set your business up for success! Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer How to Set Up Automated Text Responses for Your Business by Melissa Hager — Published on September 27, 2024 Losing business opportunities from missed calls? Here’s an easy solve: set up an automated text response with customized SMS messages. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer What is Number Porting and How Do You Do It? by Melissa Hager — Published on September 19, 2024 Number porting is the process of taking an existing phone number from one phone service provider and transferring it to another one. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer How to Effectively Scale a Small Business by Melissa Hager — Published on September 19, 2024 Let's dive into the practical strategies you can implement to scale your small business. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer Older Stories » Sound More Professional & Stay Connected Sign Up for Grasshopper » Connect with Grasshopper Twitter Facebook LinkedIn