Crowdfunding Platforms - Kickstarter vs GoFundMe vs Indiegogo Resources Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources l Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Tools More Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Subscribe for Content Updates Kickstarter vs. GoFundMe vs. Indiegogo Which crowdfunding platform is the best option for your small business? The world is changing. That means you have more and better options when it comes to funding your small business. Crowdfunding continues to grow each year, putting the opportunity to fund businesses we’re passionate about into everyone’s hands. It’s a great option for many small businesses, but there are so many platforms out there. How do you know which one to choose? We’ve compared three of the biggest crowdfunding platforms to help you pick the right option for you and your business: Kickstarter: a platform that focuses on creative projects like art, music, film, etc. Funding is all or nothing and fees are fairly reasonable. GoFundMe: a crowdfunding platform designed for individuals and personal causes. No all or nothing requirement and reasonable fees Indiegogo: a unique platform that accommodates many, diverse campaigns. No all or nothing requirement, but fees can be higher. When comparing each platform, it's essential to keep your industry in mind, in addition to what sort of plan to receive funds you're comfortable with. We explain more below. Plans and Pricing Kickstarter is a crowdfunding platform that’s heavily focused on catering to creative projects like art, music, film, technology, etc. The site boasts higher pledges to date than every other major crowdfunding platform combined. While it’s hard to argue with that kind of success, only about 65% of projects on Kickstarter get fully funded within the campaign timeline. Funding on Kickstarter is all or nothing. That means if you don’t reach your funding goal within the designated timeline, you won’t receive any of the funds that were pledged to your project. Kickstarter views this as a benefit – oftentimes backers still expect full results on a project even if it isn’t fully funded. All or nothing funding alleviates the pressure and unrealistic expectations this sets upon the project creators. There are also no fees if your campaign is unsuccessful. GoFundMe’s crowdfunding platform is super welcoming to individuals and personal causes. Campaigns to fund life events like education, medical treatment, and sports teams are prevalent on the site. The platform itself doesn’t have the independent community that some other crowdfunding sites have, but campaigns are extremely shareable, which can make up for the lack of community. Funding on GoFundMe is not all or nothing. That means you keep whatever money you raise regardless of whether or not you reach your designated funding goal. Unlike some other crowdfunding sites, fees are the same whether you get fully or partially funded. Keep in mind that this may lead to donors expecting 100% results even if you get less than 100% funded. Indiegogo is a crowdfunding platform that doesn’t specialize in any type of campaign. All kinds of projects are accepted for fundraising on the site. That means the regulations about who’s on the site are very lax, which can be good or it can mean lots of competition for the attention of donors. Campaigns on Indiegogo have a lower average funds raised than some other crowdfunding sites, but its diverse base is a huge plus. Indiegogo is unique in that you, the campaign owner, can choose whether or not to go with all or nothing funding. With two plans (Flexible and Fixed), users can decide how this works. However, if you elect to go with the Flexible Funding plan (keep whatever you raise), you’ll be paying fees regardless of whether you reach your goal or not. All or nothing? Kickstarter Yes GoFundMe Yes & No Indiegogo No Costs Kickstarter 5% fee from funding total if campaign is successful 3-5% processing free from each pledge GoFundMe Free to create and share campaign 5% fee from each donation 3% processing fee from each donation (USA & Canada) Indiegogo No set-up fees 5% overall platform fee 3% plus 30¢ per credit card transaction 3-5% for PayPal transactions Best for Kickstarter Creative projects like art, music, film, technology, etc. GoFundMe Personal causes and life-events (e.g. education, medical treatment, sports teams, etc.) Indiegogo Campaigns across a wide variety of industries with lower funding goals Reviews If you’re an artist, writer, designer, or performer, Kickstarter is a great option to crowdfund your project. Whether or not you choose the site will depend on how you feel about all or nothing funding. It’s a big factor, but Kickstarter is also a huge platform for your campaign and carries a high likelihood of success. If you’re confident in your pitch and believe your creative project will speak to people, Kickstarter may be for you. GoFundMe is great for personal causes and life events. However, because there’s no existing community on the site, it’s likely that donors will only be your friends, family, and personal network. Depending on how much money you’re looking to raise – and how confident you are in marketing your campaign – GoFundMe is a perfectly adequate option for fundraising your campaign. Indiegogo is a good option if your project doesn’t fall into the specific categories that other crowdfunding sites cater to. Without the high traffic and brand recognition of a big name platform, you’re likely to raise less money on Indiegogo, so if your funding goals are relatively low, it may be for you. The site is also great for nonprofits because of the flexibility with tax-deductible campaigns. All three platforms allow you to raise money without taking on debt or giving up equity. There's also a social aspect of fundraising which can help you gauge market interest if successful. You will, however, have to pay taxes on any funds you receive on any of the platforms. Pros Kickstarter Pledges to date are more than every other crowdfunding site combined Backers on the site are looking for creative projects Offer resources to help you build the best project GoFundMe No deadlines or goal limits 5-minute support guarantee Optimized for sharing Personal causes are encouraged Indiegogo Flexibility for tax-deductible funds Data driven insights help you run the most effective campaign More liberal project regulations No all or nothing requirement Cons Kickstarter Fees up to 8-10% if project is successful All or nothing funding Difficult to integrate with offline efforts Relatively short campaign time GoFundMe Fess of up to 8% on each donation Facebook account req’d Inconsistent customer support Mixed reviews from users Indiegogo Fees up to 8-10% of total funds Less traffic and brand recognition Lower average raised funds Questionable reputation App Kickstarter Yes (for backers) GoFundMe Yes Indiegogo Yes Customer service Kickstarter Help Center GoFundMe Help Center Email submission form 5 minute support guarantee Indiegogo Help Center Email submission form Response within 24 hours What are customers saying? “I liked showing the world our product and am glad that we are funded. I would recommend Kickstarter to anyone who is wanting to launch a product, but stress the importance of preparation.” “I tried using another crowdfunding site a few years ago and it was a total loss. I found this site to be easy to use, and fairly successful. It is up to the person trying to raise money for a cause to make it work.” “Indiegogo can work well, if you aggressively solicit your friends and social network for money.” More Options: RocketHub Simple educational resources to help you along the way Opportunity for a TV spot on A&E 4% commission free plus 4% credit card handling fee (if you reach your goals) Razoo Nonprofit and charity focused Allows you to collaborate and fundraise as a team 4.9% platform fee and 2% + 30¢ payment fee Fundify Focused on startups Get connected with an industry veteran to help you succeed No fees for the startup or the investor Other Comparisions « Back to Small Business Tools Tell a Friend Desktop App Mobile App Blog 24/7 Support Sales: (800) 820-8210 Features Toll Free Numbers 800 Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Cloud Phone System Call Forwarding On Hold Music Phone Extensions Voicemails via Email Faxes Emailed as PDFs Video: Real Customer Stories and many more features… Resources All Resources Starting Your Business Running Your Business Marketing Your Business Small Business Tools Entrepreneurial Growth Leveraging Grasshopper General Business Insights Connect With Us Blog Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Grasshopper Reviews Careers Careers Home Meet the Team Our Core Values Life At Grasshopper Benefits Open Positions About News & Buzz Partners Contact Us Sign In Sign Up Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap GDPR Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. Looking for the Grasshopper Logo? Download » For Light Backgrounds Download » For Dark Backgrounds