Grasshopper Named a Leader on G2 Crowds VoIP Category Grasshopper Academy Blog Resources Insights for Entrepreneurs Browse Search Products Browse by Skill Level Getting Startedfor the beginner marketer Off the Groundfor the intermediate marketer On a Rollfor the advanced marketer Browse by Type The Hopper Miscellaneous Browse by Topic A/B Testing Blogs Branding Content Marketing Email Marketing Marketing Campaigns & PR Stunts Metrics & ROI PPC Print Marketing SEO Social Media Websites Word of Mouth Search for Browse Products Virtual Phone SystemManage your business on the go 800 Number for Your Business Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Cloud Phone System Grasshopper Named a Leader on G2 Crowd's VoIP Category! by Grasshopper Team — Published News & Updates, Small Business on December 19, 2018 Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer Grasshopper's phone system is more than just another “must-have” business tool. Since Grasshopper was founded in 2003, The Connected Entrepreneur™ has been the focal point of Grasshopper. We have helped hundreds and thousands of small business owners in their individual business journeys from start to maturity. In this way, a virtual phone system is more than just a way to route calls. It serves all types of functions, from lead generation to campaign performance tracking, and Grasshopper is dedicated to helping its customers succeed regardless of their industry. Today we are pleased to announce that Grasshopper has been honored for excellence based on reviews and feedback within G2 Crowd’s VoIP category. Grasshopper is a leader on the winter 2019 Small-Business Grid® Report for VoIP and the #2 solution on G2 Crowd’s VoIP Results Index: Small-Business, second only to our fellow LogMeIn product, Jive! Products shown on the Small-Business Grid® for VoIP have received a minimum of 10 reviews in data gathered by November 21, 2018, and products are ranked by customer satisfaction (based on user reviews) and market presence (based on market share, vendor size, and social impact). Grasshopper has been recognized in the Leader quadrant, having been rated highly by G2 Crowd users and having substantial Market Presence scores, and there couldn’t be a greater honor than from our own customers! A few users have said of Grasshopper: “Grasshopper makes it easy to add or remove business lines to the account so that people can still use their cell phones without their personal number being used.” - Daemon, Circle Consulting Agency “Grasshopper has helped me manage my time much better. It routes calls to the people who need to get them.” - Andrew, Vintage Chauffeuring “Grasshopper lets my company scale like never before. Now, my entire team is accessible to our customers since all employees can answer calls despite their location or time zone.” - Glenda, Retail Management Today, Grasshopper’s commitment to helping entrepreneurs is stronger than ever, and we continue to develop new and innovative tools to help entrepreneurs change the world and improve their lives. To read more Grasshopper reviews or leave your own review, visit https://www.g2crowd.com/products/grasshopper/reviews. Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Buffer this story is in News & Updates, Small Business with info about Customer Service, Grasshopper, Leadership, News About Author Grasshopper Team The Grasshopper Team loves sharing tips, tricks, advice, and how-tos with entrepreneurs around the world. We're always here to answer questions or just chat. Most Popular stories people like 15 Ways to Let the World Know About Your Awesome Business Using Educational Content to Win Over Your Ideal Customers Ready to Start and Grow Your Business? Sound More Professional & Stay Connected Sign Up for Grasshopper » Connect with Grasshopper Twitter Facebook LinkedIn