RingCentral RingEX™: AI Unified Communications Solution Skip to main content Gartner logo Gartner names RingCentral a Magic QuadrantTM Leader for the 10th year in a row Get the report RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En RingCentral RingEX™ The trusted leader in  AI communications Unify calls, texts, video meetings, fax, and AI intelligence with a reliable communications solution that helps grow your business. Unified app Secure & reliable Simple migration Deeply integrated Contact sales See pricing Watch full video Serving over 400,000 businesses around the world The Restoration Hardware logo Toyota logo Lufhansa logo Salesforce logo Hugo Boss logo AWS logo eBay logo Golden State Warriors logo Office Depot logo The Restoration Hardware logo Vodafone Business logo BT Communications logo T-Mobile logo Telus logo Spectrum Business logo Reddit logo Sixt logo HubSpot logo Women who code logo Michigan state logo BDO logo Experience reliable business communications All-in-one app Streamline communication with one app for calls, video meetings, messaging, SMS and fax that meets every need in your organization. Connect over 400+ integrations Integrate your preferred tools like Salesforce, Google, Microsoft Teams, Zendesk, and more to automate workflows and boost productivity. Unmatched reliability & security Enjoy uninterrupted, high-quality calls with 99.999% uptime over 5 years in 46 countries—backed by top security certifications. Save time with AI Simplify work with a personal AI assistant that captures call notes, transcribes calls, translates messages, and refines your writing. All your conversations, all in one place Manage calls Get reliable, industry-leading cloud calling across all your favorite devices. Manage calls Get reliable, industry-leading cloud calling across all your favorite devices. Text and fax with ease Send business texts optimized for open rates and share faxes in just a few clicks. Chat with the team Chat, share files, collaborate, and manage projects in one organized space. Meet from anywhere Get AI-powered video meetings with live transcriptions, summaries, and recaps. Transform how your teams connect Build trust and efficiency with reliable, easy-to-use tools that enhance  every team interaction. One professional business number Use one number for your calls, faxes, and text messages to simplify customer interactions and maintain your business identity, even when using personal devices. Take control of your calls Balance work and life with intelligent mobile call management, featuring flexible call routing, delegating, focus modes, and more. Stay connected from anywhere Switch between your mobile, desktop, and tablet with a single click. And easily take calls and meetings, reply to messages, and manage tasks while on the go. Automate replies Save time by creating automated SMS replies for missed calls, out-of-office hours, keywords found within incoming messages, and more. Contact sales Simple administration  and management Add new phone numbers, devices, offices, and remote teams in no time. Manage multiple locations remotely Control users, permissions, and call flows across multiple locations in one centralized platform, from any device. Customize call routing Set up and manage call paths quickly based on business hours, team availability, or custom rules, no IT support required. Direct calls to the right team Design intuitive call menus with drag-and-drop tools for streamlined routing, and add automated greetings and announcements. Scale globally Connect global teams with 18 languages for in-app translations and phone menus. See RingEX in action View demo AI icon Discover a smarter way to work with AI Meet your new AI Assistant, included at no additional cost.* Capture real-time notes, seamlessly write and translate messages, and get instant meeting summaries — helping you stay organized and on top of every interaction. Learn more Say goodbye to note-taking Capture real-time, shareable, and integrated notes with key updates, decisions, and action items. Communicate more effectively Easily generate clear and professional texts and team messages that help create clarity across your organization. Get up to speed in seconds Generate intelligent meeting summaries that highlight key decisions and action items, so your teams stay aligned. Connect in more languages Compose clear messages in multiple languages for your teams around the globe. Elevate productivity with  advanced tools and integrations RingSense Turn call recordings into AI-powered insights Record and summarize sales conversations, keep CRMs up to date, and provide insights and coaching tips to win more deals. Learn more RingCentral for Microsoft Teams The top choice in cloud calling for Microsoft Teams Integrate advanced calling, SMS, fax, and AI conversation intelligence into your Microsoft Teams apps—no Teams Phone license needed. Learn more Integrations Deeply integrated Create more productive workflows by connecting over 400 app integrations including Salesforce, Google, Microsoft Teams, and Zendesk. View app gallery Real results for businesses everywhere 35% Boost in productivity for IrisVision 1k+ Traditional on-prem phone systems retired at Brinker International $500k In annual savings for Autopay since migrating 0 Phone-related failures since rollout at Ryder Systems The trusted leader in global communications Billions Of AI-enabled minutes processed per month 400k+ Customers worldwide 99.999% Uptime for 5+ years 100+ Countries supported AICPA Service Organization Control Reports 2 Logo AICPA Service Organization Control Reports 3 Logo SkyHigh Enterprise Ready seal logo The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) logo HiTrust CSF Certified seal C5 seal RingCX | AI Contact Center Solutions Create effortless customer experiences Seamlessly manage agents, coach performance, and boost customer satisfaction on an industry-leading omnichannel platform, designed for businesses of all sizes. Learn more Designed for businesses of all sizes Small Business Streamline communication, enhance collaboration, and focus on growing your business. Learn more Enterprise Solutions Leverage advanced AI communications with flexible migration paths from traditional PBX systems. Learn more Startups Appear larger and work faster with scalable, AI-powered communications that support your growth. Learn more Explore all our AI-powered solutions INTEGRATIONS RingCX direct routing for Microsoft Teams Learn more CRM INTEGRATIONS Immersive agent experiences, powered by AI Learn more AI QUALITY MANAGEMENT Coach agents faster with AI-automated scorecards Learn more WORKFLOW BUILDER Automate tasks with easy to use, customizable SMS rules Learn more Frequently asked questions about business communications What is unified communications? Not so long ago, companies would need separate service providers for everything: one for desk phones, one for mobile devices, one for telecoms, and the list goes on. The term unified communications or UC refers to a system that integrates multiple communication and collaboration tools—such as text messaging, video calling, audio conferencing, telephony, project management, and more—into a single cloud-based communications platform. This is why UC is also often mentioned as UC&C, which simply means “unified communications and collaboration.” In essence, unified communications came about as an answer to the growing demand for a better way to stay connected, promote teamwork, offer a seamless user experience, share data, and optimize core business processes. How does unified communications work? Unified communications and the cloud go hand in hand. This is where UCaaS or Unified Communications as a Service comes in. Let’s break it down: Unified Communications (UC) - As previously mentioned, this refers to the integration of business communications tools like internet phone, voicemail, email, message, video, and more. As a Service (aaS) - This describes the delivery model used for cloud-based services and software. UCaaS condenses all essential apps and functionalities into a single platform to make working as simple as it can be. With a UCaaS system in place, team members can access every message, file, link as well as any other internal communication tools and third-party services from any connected device. This also allows people to schedule online meetings with others inside and outside the organization, chat with teammates from all over the world, and simultaneously work on documents in real-time. Why is unified communications so important for businesses? Communication tools are central to any business. The problem is that there are just too many digital communication channels today. Unified Communications platforms bring together these various forms, such as group chats, VoIP, web conferencing, and even contact center capabilities, into one place. Additionally, UC platforms like RingCentral provide features like chat history, screen sharing, call recording, task management, and interactive whiteboards. UCaaS solutions also offer businesses unparalleled innovation, integrations, and services that support enterprise-level needs. What are the benefits of having good business communications software? There’s a reason countless companies are making the shift to unified communications. Here are some benefits of unified communications systems: Cost savings Small businesses and enterprises alike can save money by switching to the cloud. With UCaaS, you pay a flat rate with the option of add-ons and upgrades, depending on your business needs. This means you won’t be paying extra for: Conference calls On-premises telephones Project management tools Internal file sharing Video calling apps Work flexibility More and more companies are going for hybrid and remote work setups. If you plan to do the same, you know that traditional phone systems just won’t do. You need functionality that promotes employee communication and engagement—and that’s precisely what unified communications offers. Enhanced security Endpoint security of multiple user devices is a great concern, especially in this era of digital transformation. The good news is that UCaaS providers typically handle all matters concerning security. Not only do you get superior communications technology, but also the peace of mind knowing proper security measures are in place to keep your business safe. Where can I get reliable unified communications solutions? The truth is that there are many unified communications providers out there, and you can spend hours upon hours comparing what they bring to the table and deciding which one has the best offers. Let’s make the process simpler for you, shall we? When it comes to quality yet affordable UC solutions, RingEX is the answer. RingEX integrates all your essential communication and collaboration tools in one user-friendly platform. With team messaging, video calling, VoIP (voice over internet protocol) calling, and a host of business app integrations, you are sure to get an upgrade to your regular phone system. By choosing RingEX, you can begin streamlining your workflows, improving productivity, maximizing ROIs, and innovating how your team stays connected at all times. Reach out to our RingCentral team today to learn more about our pricing and plans or to request a demo. *RingCentral reserves the right to manage AI notes usage that exceeds 500 minutes per user per month, in line with our usage guidelines. An award-winning platform, trusted by customers around the world G2 Spring 2024 Enterprise Easiest Setup badge G2 Winter 2024 Easiest Admin (Enterprise) Award Switch to reliable AI business communications Talk, message, and meet—all in one AI-powered app. Contact sales See pricing Close