Best Business Phone Systems for Small Business in 2024 Skip to main content Introducing new AI-powered capabilities for RingCX Learn more RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En Close window for pop up form Welcome back! There are items in your shopping cart. Pick up where you left off? View cart RingCentral for Small Businesses The small business phone system, trusted by over 400K businesses Talk, text, meet and fax from one complete cloud phone system. Never miss a call, and stay connected with one reliable app. Set up in minutes, and run your business from anywhere, on any device. See pricing Contact sales G2 logo 24 Hour Tees logo 356 Labs logo Advantage Plumbing Heating and Cooling logo ACWA logo Barxparx logo Charter Industries logo Doral Health & Wellness logo Dry Dock logo Eclipse Insurance Agency logo Eye Associates of Tallahassee logo Fidelity Real Estate logo Habitat For Humanity logo Mr. Delivery logo redT Homes logo Teskeys logo The small business phone system with big benefits Get a second phone line in minutes Setup is easy — port over your existing business phone numbers, or pick new ones. Stay connected in one reliable app Talk, message, meet, and support customers—from anywhere, on any device. Create a polished brand Build custom greetings, set up dynamic call routing, and easily triage customer calls. Never miss a customer interaction Meet your customers where they are, across voice calls and 20+ digital channels. Contact sales Run your entire business on RingCentral Business Phone Business Phone Contact Center Revenue Intelligence Events Manage calls Get reliable, industry-leading cloud calling across all your favorite devices. Manage calls Get reliable, industry-leading cloud calling across all your favorite devices. Send texts & faxes Send business texts that are optimized for open rates and share faxes in just a few clicks. Chat with the team Chat, share files, collaborate, and manage projects in one organized space. Meet from anywhere Get AI-powered video meetings with live transcriptions, summaries, and recaps. Reach customers on any channel Connect with customers across voice and 20+ digital channels. Reach customers on any channel Connect with customers across voice and 20+ digital channels Grow revenue even faster Boost sales and support customers proactively with a dynamic contact center and campaign management. Create effortless experiences Improve agent and customer experiences with quality management, automated scorecards, and conversation analytics. Track customer conversations Automatically store and transcribe phone calls, video meetings, and emails. Track customer conversations Automatically store and transcribe phone calls, video meetings, and emails. Keep your CRM up to date Integrate with CRM tools like Salesforce — so all your conversations happen in one place. Coach with AI Deliver stronger pitches with intuitive AI coaching tips. Understand your customers Get insights on topics, competitors, and products your customers care about. Brand your events Customize your events with brand colors, logos, and copy. Brand your events Customize your events with brand colors, logos, and copy. Engage audiences in new ways Give your audience more ways to interact with chat, integrated apps, Q&A, and more. Curate custom venues Provide more space for exploration with virtual reception, multiple stages, and community chat. Create community Produce studio-quality streams and directly engage your LinkedIn network. Pick the perfect plan Limited time offer | Get 50% off the #1 business phone system, now only $9.99 per month Get offer Save up to 33% by paying annually Number of users Important details and disclaimers AI features that small businesses love Built-in AI makes it easy for your team to grow and scale. Learn more Automate customer support Answer customer questions 24/7 with intelligent virtual agents that tap into your company’s knowledge base. Solve customer requests even faster Create effortless customer experiences with AI-generated answers during live customer calls. Instantly draft messages Craft clear, professional messages in a few clicks with AI. Never take notes again Automatically generate real-time call summaries and transcriptions. Designed for every industry Legal Financial services Retail Education Healthcare Real results for small businesses of all sizes 35% Boost in productivity with deeper call reporting insights for IrisVision $1k+ Estimated savings for Stumptown after switching to RingCentral 9.1 Average attendee NPS score by 356 Labs 40% Average increase in agent productivity at Workato Explore plans Salesforce logo Google logo Zendesk logo HubSpot logo Connect all your favorite tools Integrate with our open platform, or build your own custom workflows using our APIs. Explore integrations Trusted by the world's most innovative small businesses Get their story The Husband Wife Law Team logo RingSense provides visibility into team performance. We value the scorecards, analytics, and call summaries for coaching and onboarding. Joe Phelps, Intake Director | The Husband & Wife Law Team 65% Time saved by managers using RingSense 66% Improvement in call handling speed with RingCX Products used: RingEX RingCX RingSense Get their story Doral Health & Wellness logo The mobility, reliability, and call quality we get from RingCentral allow us to create the best customer experience possible. Todd Coggins | IT Director, Doral Health and Wellness $24k Estimated yearly savings 1 unified communication solution Products used: Contact Center Message Video Meetings Events Webinars Get their story InsuranceHub logo The RingSense platform, with its impressive features, is a game-changer in the industry. It is transforming, bringing structure and consistency to our data management. Lee LeBaigue, Senior Vice President | InsuranceHub 300% increase in call grading frequency 5 hours saved per week with call scoring Products used: RingSense RingEX Get their story Gemplers logo Since we moved to RingCentral Contact Center, our agents are 28% faster in answering customer service calls, and they’ve cut their average email response time by more than half. Debbie Holmquist, Director of Customer Service & Distribution | Gemplers 59% Faster response time to customer emails 70% Reduction in abandoned support calls Products used: RingEX RingCX Video Meetings An award-winning platform, trusted by customers around the world Manage your small business on the go Get the mobile flexibility your growing business needs. Work from anywhere while ensuring privacy, security, and compliance. Try free Questions? We’ve got you covered. What does all-in-one communications mean? With an all-in-one communications system like RingCentral, all your communications channels are unified in a single platform. Outbound and inbound calls, video conferencing, team messaging, SMS…it all happens in one place, which means there’s no need to switch between multiple apps. There’s file sharing and online fax, too — as well as hundreds of integrations with your favorite business tools. What is a business phone system? A business phone system is the technology used by a company to maintain lines of communication with both internal and external contacts. Traditionally, small businesses and large enterprises both used complicated systems of on-premises telephones to manage incoming and outgoing calls. Called private branch exchanges or PBXs, these business phone solutions were complex and expensive. Getting and running one entailed purchasing, setting up, and housing an array of equipment, such as desk phones, telephone cables, and even adapters. For that reason, companies with lower budgets had to settle for lesser phone systems for small businesses, with fewer features. These days, however, there has been a shift to digital business communications. New technologies are allowing businesses to enjoy a more remote-friendly, innovative, and cost-efficient way of handling phone calls: VoIP-based cloud phone systems. These types of phone systems for businesses make it possible to make and receive calls using any device. Team members can use their laptops, desktops, or mobile devices for real-time communication. A strong internet connection and your VoIP service is all you need, and you are good to go! How do modern small business phone systems work? Today’s telephone systems for small business are software-based. Companies don’t have to pay for, maintain, and upgrade on-site hardware. Instead, they sign up with a small business telephone system provider, download software or an app, and start calling. Users get the same calling features of a traditional phone system—voicemail, call routing, call recording, call transfer, call forwarding, call waiting, auto-attendant, and more—while using Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) to facilitate calls over the Internet. This is far more cost-effective, flexible, and scalable. Plus, you only pay for what you use, not a cent more. Additionally, hosted office phone systems for small businesses usually offer other capabilities for better business communications. RingCentral RingEX, for example, is more than just a regular business phone system. We also integrate the features of team messaging, HD video calling, business SMS, faxing, IT and line of business analytics, embedded apps, and APIs to give you an all-in-one communications solution that works according to your business needs. How do I get a business phone number? You can get local numbers, toll-free numbers, or international business phone numbers along with your business telephone solutions. This step is important in making sure your employees and clients can reach you anytime, anywhere. With RingCentral, the process is very easy: Sign up for any RingCentral plan. Indicate what type of business phone number you need (toll-free or local), and you will be given a list of available numbers to choose from. You can also port your existing phone numbers, and we’ll take care of that for you. Read more here. Need to order more numbers? Once your account is ready, go to your dashboard. Go to Phone Numbers, then choose the Add Number option. What should I look for to choose the best business phone system? Exactly what you need from a business phone system will depend on your particular business. An ideal phone system for small businesses, for example, will likely need fewer functionalities than an enterprise phone solution. A sales-focused organization, meanwhile, may favor outbound dialing features over conference calling or file sharing. Whatever your unique needs, however, here are some points to look for: Costs - One of the main reasons you are switching from traditional phones to business VoIP systems is for the savings. Be sure to find a plan that can help your company lessen equipment procurement, maintenance, and upgrade costs. A good virtual phone system, like RingCentral, can be up and running in minutes—meaning no downtime for your business! According to a 2022 survey, RingCentral customers saw a 23% decrease in average telecommunication costs, a 20% decrease in hardware costs, and a 16% decrease in overall IT spend when they migrated to RingCentral. Productivity - While the primary purpose of your IP telephony is to manage voice calls, it can also do so much more. With RingCentral, for example, you get unlimited calling, PBX functionality as well as the following unified communications features Audio conferencing Business SMS Device switching and call to video in 1 click Call logs and history Call screening and blocking Caller ID Multi-site management Hot desking Internet faxing Paging and intercom Video meetings Virtual receptionist Cost center management, role based access controls, single sign on and more! Reliability - This is a common concern among business owners, and it is completely understandable. That’s why it is crucial to set up secure business phone lines that are always reachable. At RingCentral, we have strong, financially backed 99.999% SLAs, and a 15+ quarter proven track record of reliability. With less than 6 mins of downtime every year, we deliver on our reliability promises and maintain the highest uptime among industry leaders. Security - With RingCentral, you can breathe easy knowing that multiple layers of redundancy, failover technology, physical and biometric security, encryption, system hardening, and 24/7 monitoring safeguard your data. Your valuable company data and communications are protected by enterprise-grade security. Continuity - Scalability is no longer a nice-to-have feature; it is a must. Make it a point to get a business phone system that grows as your business grows. With RingCentral, for instance, you can easily purchase, activate, and assign business phone numbers and virtual extensions to new users or departments. This can quickly be done on your computers or smartphones, too, so there’s no need for additional help or training to complete your expansion. Customer support - The best business phone systems are easy to implement and use. That doesn’t mean, however, that you’ll never need any help. Make sure your chosen provider is readily available to you by phone, email, and more. A comprehensive knowledge base for self-service solutions is a big plus, too. What are the primary features included in RingCentral’s business phone system? Cloud VoIP More than a business phone service, cloud VoIP is a reliable communications platform that eliminates the need for on-premise hardware. RingCentral provides reliable, high-quality phone service anywhere you have internet access. Virtual PBX Advance your communications with the industry leader in hosted PBX. RingCentral features a virtual PBX that has all the benefits of a traditional PBX system—auto-attendant, advanced call routing, virtual extensions, etc.—without the expensive landlines and limitations of hardware such as physical boxes, trunks, and switches. Calling and mobility Our calling features have been designed to give you a flexible, mobile, and powerful cloud phone system. Choose from a variety of available phone numbers including local and toll-free numbers, install our apps on your desktop computer, smartphone, or tablet, and improve communications with call forwarding, call flip, device switching, enhanced business SMS and more. Phone system administration Provision, manage, and gain insights anywhere with advanced administrative and analytics tools. Initiate instant employee moves, adds, and changes, even when you’re on the go. Simplify multi-site and number management and get a visual view of your IVR for easier editing. International phone system RingCentral offers extensive coverage with full service in over 45 countries and inbound virtual numbers in 105+ countries. Eliminate the cost and complexity of managing multiple disparate phone systems and benefit from simplified number management and international device shipping. Secure Communications From our product design to the operations of our business, we employ rigorous security and data best-practices in everything we do. We provide our customers with a robust security platform by integrating security principles into the development process from the get-go. See our Trust Center. Analytics & Reporting Gain in-depth insights in real time with our advanced call management system, IT and line of business analytics. Customize your own dashboards with 30+ pre-built KPIs and pull in-depth QoS reports for a complete view of system-wide quality and instant troubleshooting. View all features What are the most useful features included in RingCentral’s business phone system? Calling & mobility Our calling features have been designed to give you a flexible, mobile, and powerful business phone system. Choose from a variety of available phone numbers including local and toll-free numbers. Install our apps on your desktop computer, smartphone, or tablet, or access your phone system via browser. Improve communications still further with call forwarding, call flip, device switching, call queues, ring groups, voicemail transcription, enhanced business SMS, and more. Phone system administration Provision, manage, and customize your small business phone solutions with advanced administrative tools. Initiate instant employee moves, adds, and changes, even when you’re on the go. Simplify multi-site and number management and get a visual view of your IVR for easier editing. International phone system Extensive coverage with full service in over 45 countries and inbound virtual numbers in 105+ countries. Eliminate the cost and complexity of managing multiple disparate phone systems and benefit from simplified number management and international device shipping. Secure communications From our product design to the operations of our business, we employ rigorous security and data best practices in everything we do. We provide our customers with a robust security platform by integrating security principles into the development process from the get-go. See our Trust Center. Analytics & reporting Gain in-depth insights in real-time with our advanced call management system, IT, and line of business analytics. Customize your own dashboards with 30+ pre-built KPIs and pull in-depth QoS reports for a complete view of system-wide quality and instant troubleshooting. Get almost instant oversight on call volumes (incoming calls and outbound calls) and other vital information. Is RingCentral secure? Yes, very! You might be a small business, but RingCentral is a business VoIP provider that gives you enterprise-grade security for your office phone system. This includes TLS authentication and SRTP encryption for phone calls, plus intrusion-detection systems and fraud analytics. You also have a set of admin controls such as single sign-on (SSO) and multi-factor authentication (MFA). The platform is hosted across SSAE 18 and ISO 27001-audited data centers in geographically diverse locations. Switch to the most reliable business phone system And join over 400,000 customers who run their businesses on RingCentral. See pricing Contact sales Contact Sales Let's talk about simplifying your employee and customer communications with RingCentral. Book a meeting Book now Chat with us Chat now Connecting Something went wrong. Please use another contact option or try again later. Since you've rejected our website cookies, you will not be able to chat with us directly. Please call or book a meeting. Call us now (800) 574 5290 Looking for product support? Visit our Support Center. Close dialog Book a meeting Full name* Enter a valid full name Business email* Enter a valid email address Phone number* Enter a valid phone number 1 - 19 20 - 99 100 - 399 400 - 4999 5000+ Number of employees* Enter a valid number of employees Company name* Enter a valid company name How can we help you? By clicking the button below, you consent to receiving calls and emails from RingCentral. I consent to receive marketing SMS from RingCentral about its services. Message and Data rates apply. Choose a time *Required fields Privacy Notice Book a meeting Thank you for your interest in RingCentral A sales advisor will contact you within 24 hours. If you'd like to speak to someone now, please call (800) 574 5290 Close