AI-Powered Conversation Intelligence | RingSense US Skip to main content RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En RingSenseTM AI-powered conversation intelligence Boost win rates and gain customer insights with AI Unlock value from every customer interaction, automatically keep CRMs up to date, and provide AI-assisted coaching tips to close more deals. Contact sales Get a demo Explore how RingSense can transform your workflows Winner of the Unified Communications Product of the Year 2024 Award Integrates with RingCentral, Microsoft Teams, leading CRMs and more Records & summarizes customer conversations Seamlessly transcribes phone calls, video meetings and emails and stores them for easy retrieval afterwards. Keeps CRMs up to date Leverages AI to summarize conversations and automatically update sales CRMs like Salesforce. Provides AI-powered coaching tips Delivers automated coaching tips so the team can give consistent, successful pitches. Delivers insights on what customers care about Provides insights into what topics, competitors and products customers are interested in. Insurance Hub logo Insurance Hub uses RingSense AI to transform sales conversations and reduce churn Get their story Elevate your customer communication strategy Record conversations Record conversations Keep CRMs up-to-date Coach teams to win deals Delivers customer insights Records and summarizes customer conversations to keep an eye over your business Automatically transcribes and summarizes phone calls & video meetings and stores them for easy retrieval afterwards. Get visibility into calls when needed. Ensure quality assurance, efficient time management, and deeper customer insights. Keeps CRMs up to date Say goodbye to manual CRM updates. RingSense AI automatically transcribes calls and video meetings, updating your CRM systems like Salesforce for enriched data and improved visibility. Coach teams to win more deals RingSense AI actively coaches your team in real-time. The platform generates personalized coaching tips for each team member. These tips are tailored to their specific performance metrics and areas for improvement, providing actionable advice on how to improve their communication skills. Delivers insights on what customers care about Track and analyze interactions to better understand what topics and products customers are interested in or have concerns about. Monitor competitor mentions, address objections, and ensure your team delivers consistent, successful pitches. Coach teams towards consistently better calls Watch how RingSense can accelerate revenue and unlock new efficiencies Works for a broad spectrum of business use cases No matter the role or industry, RingSense AI adapts to a diverse range of scenarios, offering tailored analytics and actionable insights to optimize performance across sectors. Sales Sales Legal Healthcare Financial Services Insurance Human Resources RINGSENSE™ FOR SALES Maximize win rates Let AI automate the most tedious parts of sales, so sellers can focus  on closing. Automated note taking during meetings to focus on active listening Automated data entry of the summaries and next steps into CRMs for better hygiene, helping with forecasting Insights across all your customers on your competition and the common objections AI-based deal scoring based on sentiment analysis, engagement and more Automated post-call feedback via an AI coach so sellers can improve over time RINGSENSE™ FOR legal Improve legal representation Streamline client engagement, enhance case management efficiency, and maximize billing potential through data-driven insights. Automated note taking and next action items to save lawyers and clerk’s time Securely record all interactions regardless of the mode of communication (call or meeting) for compliance and transparency Coach lawyers and clerks to improve soft skills such as managing interruptions, talk to listen ratio, patience on calls Understand client frustrations and common objections trends with keyword trackers RINGSENSE™ FOR healthcare Optimize patient experiences Optimize patient journey mapping, improve care delivery and maximize billing accuracy through predictive analytics and data integration. Automated note taking and next action items to save doctors and nurses time Securely records all interactions regardless of the mode of communication (call or meeting) for compliance and transparency Automation of the data entry to EMR and HMR systems AI-powered coaching tips to improve patient satisfaction Capture trends such as most common reason for calls and referrals automatically RINGSENSE™ FOR Financial services Up-level client interactions Tailor products, services and personalize financial advice to improve customer satisfaction and loyalty. Capture discussions about investment strategies and help financial advisors keep accurate records for compliance. Records calls and identifies common concerns and customer sentiment Summarizes key points from client meetings, and highlights investment preferences RINGSENSE™ FOR Insurance Improve representative performance Help reps handle calls more effectively and improve their overall skill set. Records and transcribes calls, summarizes key points from customer interactions involving claims Ensures better quality assurance and adherence to legal standards for compliance which helps with dispute resolution AI-powered coaching tips provide guidance on how to handle calls more effectively Automatically updates CRMs leading to enhanced visibility into customer interactions, more informed decision-making, stronger client relationships and reduces administrative overhead RINGSENSE™ FOR human resources Improve hiring quality Analyze communication skills, technical knowledge, and cultural fit through analytics that leads to more informed hiring decisions. Provides coaching tips to recruiters so they can improve their interviewing skills, guiding them on what questions to ask and how to navigate the interview Analyze what applicants say during interviews to uncover trends about what drives candidates to apply Recording calls and maintaining detailed interactions ensures compliance with employment laws and regulations The integration of the account manager scorecard, complemented by AI-driven suggestions, has paved the way for a unique and personalized scoring system that effectively addresses our needs. Insurance Hub logo Lee LeBaigue Senior Vice President at InsuranceHub Built on the world’s most advanced business phone system Fully integrated with no AI training needed Available without any AI training or set-up; fully integrated into RingCentral’s wide range of calling use cases in our award-winning RingEX business communications app. Globally reliable with  trusted security With over five years of 99.999% uptime and available in 46 countries, the RingCentral platform is built on trust, with globally recognized security and privacy 3rd party certifications. Disruptively priced with affordability in mind RingSense AI offers comprehensive, AI-driven insights at a fraction of the cost of our competitors. It’s designed for businesses of all sizes seeking to maximize their customer engagement without breaking the bank. Frequently Asked Questions What is conversation intelligence, and how does it work? Conversation intelligence is a tool used to analyze business conversations (such as sales calls and customer calls) and supports the next best actions for improved operations and results. It differs from your typical call recording or online collaboration solution because it has outstanding documentation, note-taking, and conversational analytics capabilities. It works by inserting artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and natural language processing (NLP) technologies into cloud tools. This allows organizations to actively record phone calls, generate accurate transcriptions, analyze communications, glean data-driven information, and surface actionable insights. What are the benefits of conversation intelligence? By making it possible to record, transcribe, and analyze customer interactions, agents can easily access relevant information, input call data into CRM platforms, and share information with key team members and departments. This streamlines workflows and enables your workforce to focus on tasks that matter the most—boosting agent performance and efficiency rates in the process. Conversation intelligence solutions can also serve as the foundation for effective customer support and sales coaching. Sales managers and supervisors can leverage conversation intelligence to provide instructions on how to improve customer satisfaction rates, explain and supply information about new products and services, or align marketing and sales efforts to achieve a consistent tone across all channels. Overall, conversation intelligence tools can be applied to many areas of business: sales forecasting, pipeline management, contact center legal compliance, and more. What is revenue intelligence? Revenue intelligence refers to the process of collecting and analyzing sales data to gain critical business information. The data-gathering process covers all areas of sales engagement and buyer experience, including: Competitor mentions Objection handling Budget discussions Decision-making authority Deal progression and selling methodologies Similar to conversation intelligence, revenue intelligence platforms also use AI and ML to identify trends, metrics, and KPIs to gain a comprehensive view of buyer reality, accelerate sales cycles, and support accurate forecasts for revenue growth. What is revenue operations? Revenue operations (RevOps) is the end-to-end business process of integrating sales, marketing, and customer service into a unified system. It is heavily focused on aligning the entire funnel, connecting business and activity data, streamlining operations, and creating a clear and transparent business framework. This holistic approach ensures that all teams are working towards the same goals—improve revenue process efficiency, drive predictable revenue, and achieve revenue growth. Beyond better revenue growth, however, successful revenue operations also give businesses the advantage of removing roadblocks and conflicts within departments, maximizing functionalities of technologies and tools, establishing long-term strategic planning techniques, achieving better customer retention rates, and more. Explore more resources WHITEPAPER How artificial intelligence can help sales teams win more WHITEPAPER The Beginner’s Guide to Conversation Intelligence for Sales Live Demo Watch a RingSense live demo CASE STUDY InsuranceHub VIDEO Introducing RingSense Talk to a sales expert Contact us today and get more out of your everyday  business conversations. Full name* Enter a valid full name Work email* Enter a valid email address Business phone number* Enter a valid phone number Company name* Enter a valid company name 1 - 19 20 - 99 100 - 399 400 - 4999 5000+ Number of employees* Enter a valid number of employees 1 - 19 20 - 99 100 - 4999 5000+ Number of employees* Enter a valid number of employees Contact sales *Required fields By clicking the button above, you consent to receiving calls and emails from RingCentral. Calls may be connected using automated technology. Privacy Notice Thank you for your interest in RingCentral A sales advisor will contact you within 24 hours. If you'd like to speak to someone now, please call (800) 574 5290 Close