RingCentral Announces New AI-Powered Capabilities for RingCX Skip to main content RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En August 21, 2024 RingCentral Announces New AI-Powered Capabilities for RingCX Introducing native real-time agent and supervisor assist, coaching insights for quality management, and bring-your-own IVA framework Rapid pace of innovation and AI-first approach drives strong customer demand for RingCX BELMONT, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- RingCentral, Inc. (NYSE: RNG), a leading provider of AI-driven cloud business communications, contact center, video and hybrid event solutions, today announced new innovations for its AI-powered contact center solution, RingCX™. These innovations include a native, real-time AI-powered assistant for both agents and supervisors, advanced AI-based coaching insights for managers and supervisors, and a new bring-your-own IVA framework for customers and partners to quickly integrate their Intelligent Virtual Agent of choice with RingCX. All of these latest innovations are designed to help companies deliver more seamless, personalized, and high quality customer experiences. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240821115355/en/ Image provided by RingCentral With over 350 customers on-board since the general availability in November 2023, RingCentral continues to drive strength and momentum of RingCX, and delivers rapid innovation with more than 300 features added to RingCX in just the past quarter. Customers are also choosing RingSense AI with over 50% of RingCX customers opting for paid AI capabilities, such as call scoring, feedback and coaching, and conversational analytics available in RingSense AI Quality Management. “The latest revolutionary advancements in AI are reshaping the landscape of customer experience, by helping customers, empowering agents, and enabling supervisors to drive business success,” said Jim Dvorkin, SVP of Customer Experience Innovation at RingCentral. “Our cutting-edge innovations stem directly from the voice of our customers, who have embraced AI-powered RingCX, as we work closely with them to deliver our latest transformative RingSense AI-based innovations.” “Since we migrated to RingCX, we estimate a 20% time savings for customer success reps due to sophisticated AI-based technology that RingCX delivers,” said Bill Heep, Director of Communications and Systems, AUTOPAY, a highly rated auto loan specialist that is using both RingEX™ unified communications and RingCX contact center solutions to improve efficiencies and customer experience. New AI-powered capabilities coming to RingCX include: RingCX AI Agent Assist: This new offering from RingCentral provides real-time, in-call AI assistance for agents. It actively listens to customer interactions and offers contextual suggestions, ensuring more accurate, timely, and personalized resolutions. AI Agent Assist can incorporate existing company resources—such as documents, websites, and knowledge bases—into its suggestions, continuously improving its effectiveness and reducing resolution time. AI Agent Assist is natively built by RingCentral for RingCX, and offers out-of-the-box capabilities that are easy to use and simple to set up. For enterprises requiring more sophisticated, highly customizable real-time guidance, RingCentral continues to provide solutions through its partnership with Balto, which has seen high adoption among RingCX customers. This dual approach allows RingCentral to address a wide range of customer needs, from simple out-of-the-box solutions to complex, enterprise-grade capabilities. RingCX AI Supervisor Assist: This AI-powered solution monitors customer interactions in real-time, identifying potential issues that require supervisor attention. It proactively alerts supervisors, providing one-click access to detailed transcripts and concise conversation summaries. This enables supervisors to quickly assess situations, determine the best intervention strategies, and support both customers and agents effectively. AI Coaching Insights: This new capability of RingSense AI Quality Management automatically analyzes customer interactions for each agent, generating personalized AI-based coaching suggestions to address knowledge gaps. It promotes consistent quality across all customer interactions while automating what was previously a tedious manual process for contact center supervisors and managers. By leveraging AI to review all interactions automatically, it significantly streamlines quality management workflows. Bring-Your-Own IVA Framework: RingCX offers a versatile conversational AI platform that allows customers to easily integrate their preferred Intelligent Virtual Agent (IVA) for customer self-service across voice and digital channels. The Bring Your Own IVA framework provides open APIs for quick and seamless integration with any IVA, enabling conversational AI for various use cases such as password resets, order status checks, and other automations. This empowers customers to get quick answers or perform actions without waiting in a contact center queue to speak to an agent. RingCX's IVA ecosystem includes pre-built integrations with leading providers like Yellow.ai, Cognigy, and Google DialogFlow. These new AI-based capabilities will be available in the coming months through an Early Access Preview program in the U.S. with plans to expand availability internationally and among strategic partners in early 2025. This innovation comes at a time when companies are continuing to increase their investments in AI for customer service. New research from Metrigy found that organizations plan to increase their spending on AI-supported customer self-service by 71% and AI-supported agent assistance by 67% this year.1 “RingCentral's latest AI additions to RingCX show they've got their finger on the pulse of what contact centers really want and need right now,” said Sheila McGee-Smith, President & Principal Analyst at McGee-Smith Analytics. “By focusing primarily on agent and supervisor tools, they're addressing the 'human in the loop' approach that customers are actually ready to deploy. It's a smart approach, one that balances innovation with practical application.” For more information and to see a preview of the latest AI innovations for RingCX, RingCentral is hosting an online virtual event called AI Innovations for Seamless Customer Experiences on August 21, 2024 at 10:00 am PT. This virtual showcase will feature expert speakers demonstrating how businesses can leverage these new technologies to create effortless customer experiences. The event will also feature special guest Blake Morgan, renowned CX futurist and author, who will share insights from her latest book, “The 8 Laws of Customer Focused Leadership.” For more information, visit https://www.ringcentral.com/ringcx.html. About RingCentral RingCentral is a leading provider of AI-driven cloud business communications, contact center, video and hybrid event solutions. RingCentral empowers businesses with conversation intelligence and unlocks rich customer and employee interactions to provide insights and improved business outcomes. With decades of expertise in reliable and secure cloud communications, RingCentral has earned the trust of millions of customers and thousands of partners worldwide. Visit ringcentral.com to learn more. ©2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral, RingSense, RingCX, RingEX, and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc. 1 How AI is Changing Employee & Customer Experiences, Metrigy, 2024 View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240821115355/en/ Mariana Leventis, RingCentral 650-562-6545 [email protected] Source: RingCentral, Inc. Back to press releases Close