Improve Productivity with Scalable Calling Features | eVoice Skip to content (877) 581-5789 Sign In Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Menu Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Get Started eVoice's calling features are built to make your life easier Keep your team connected when it matters most. Improve productivity and answer calls professionally with eVoice's scalable calling features. View Calling Features Bring Balance to Your Work Life The eVoice call management system lets you build your workday around your life, not the other way around. Call Routing lets you specify when you want to take business calls and when you want them routed them to colleagues. With Call Routing, your business calls are always handled professionally, exactly the way you want. Learn More About Call Routing Capture and save important business phone calls with Call Recording Long, content-heavy conversations can be tricky to keep track of; skip the pen and paper with call recording. Listen to your recording after the call and take notes as needed. Learn More About Call Recording How to get started with eVoice Setting up an account is easy, we’ll have you up and running in minutes. Get Started Sign-up for eVoice Complete your sign-up and begin setting up your new account. Choose your number Select a region and find the phone number to use for your business. Continuously collaborate from anywhere with Merged Calling Call merging provides you with all the tools you need to stay connected with team members, prospects. and customers while on the go. Learn more about merged calling ➞ Use Caller ID to Identify callers before you answer your calls Choose which calls to take and which ones to handle later with the eVoice Caller ID feature. Better prioritize your time and get work done. Learn More About Caller ID Monitor all users, calls and texts with detailed reports Have visibility into your eVoice usage. Review how your team is using the service and understand trends, call duration, call behavior, and more. Learn More About Usage Reports More resources Help Portal Helpful tutorials and articles Visit our help portal for tips and how to set up your new eVoice account. Access Help Portal Why eVoice Communicate from anywhere We are so much more than just a virtual phone system. Learn more about eVoice. How It Works A second line for as low as $14/month See Plan & Pricing Streamline your business with Live Receptionist See Plans & Pricing See our reviews on Pricing eVoice Apps Sign In Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Company Careers Legal Customer Agreement Privacy Policy Accessibility *excluding taxes and fees © 2010– J2 Web Services, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. eVoice is a registered trademark of J2 Web Services, Inc. Toll-Free Numbers Using SMS: Due to regulatory requirements, toll-free SMS numbers require verification through an application process. If registration is not pending or completed, SMS messages sent from toll-free numbers will be blocked. For additional information about the registration process, please visit our FAQ page. FAQ PAGE We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information. Cookie SettingsACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT