Meet your Personal AI Assistant | RingCentral Skip to main content December 12, 10am PT Webinar: RingCentral Trends 2025: The State of AI in Business Communications Register now RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En RingCentral AI Assistant Included at no additional cost* Meet your AI Assistant that takes notes, writes, and translates Stay focused on your priorities with a personal AI Assistant that captures call notes, translates messages, and crafts polished texts. Contact sales See pricing Capture notes instantly Automatically record and organize key call details, saving time for all your teams. Ensure nothing is missed Accurately capture decisions and action items that prevent important details from slipping through the cracks. Write with ease Generate polished, context-aware chat messages in real-time that create clarity and save time on manual writing. Quickly send tailored SMS Compose personalized, context-based SMS messages, that improve communication and efficiency. Winner of the Overall Best of Enterprise Connect 2024 Award Explore how RingCentral’s AI Assistant can transform your workflows and enhance productivity. Learn more See our AI phone capabilities in action Powerful AI features for all the ways you work Your personal AI Assistant simplifies tasks, streamlines workflows, and boosts productivity for everyone in your organization. AI for Phone Capture details, connect, and communicate effortlessly Capture key call details effortlessly With automated real-time note-taking, all key call details, decisions, and action items are captured and organized, allowing you to focus on meaningful conversations rather than administrative tasks. Track and reference important conversations Convert spoken words into real-time text during calls with live transcription, creating searchable conversation content for future reference. Enhance accessibility Improve conversation clarity with closed captions and offer on-screen text translations for all participants—especially those with hearing impairments. Learn more AI for SMS and Team Messaging Hold productive conversations across every language Craft and translate messages quickly Compose polished chat messages in your preferred style and length, while bridging language gaps to enable effective global collaboration. Generate more engaging texts Create personalized SMS responses based on input and context, making your mobile communication more efficient and relevant. Catch up in seconds Quickly catch up on group chats with key insights from condensed messaging summaries. Learn more AI FOR VIDEO Get instant recaps from your most important conversations Meeting recaps without the rewatch Capture meeting highlights with concise summaries, providing quick takeaways without reviewing the entire session. Easily share and send meeting highlights Generate dynamic highlight clips of video meetings, and effortlessly revisit key moments. Host more inclusive video meetings Increase engagement with live transcription and closed captions, ensuring everyone is included and informed during video meetings. Learn more The ROI of our AI Assistant See how our AI-powered virtual assistant helps save costs and improves productivity for real customers. 92% Of organizations see RingCentral AI Call Notes as important for their business after use 9 Hours saved per employee per month 84% Of organizations say AI Call Notes improved call engagement Read the case study Case study: Kitay Law Offices “RingCentral’s AI Call Notes have made it really easy to make sure we don’t miss anything on client calls.” Thomas Pivicny, Managing Partner, Kitay Law Offices 5 Minutes saved on  average per call Products used: Personal AI Assistant RingEX Privacy by design Here at RingCentral, trustworthy AI means protecting our customers and their data while maintaining our commitment to privacy, security, and transparency at every touchpoint. Visit our trust center