Live Receptionist | Premium Phone Answering Service | eVoice Skip to content (877) 581-5789 Sign In Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Menu Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Get Started Streamline your business with Live Receptionist eVoice’s Live Receptionist services enlist trained, US-based receptionists to handle inbound calls, set up appointments, and manage administrative tasks. See Plans & Pricing A dedicated team devoted to your business. Answer calls Have some or all of your inbound calls handled by your Live Receptionist team based on your set criteria and rules. Administrative tasks Let your Live Receptionist team manage administrative tasks to keep your business running. Schedule appointments eVoice offers a wide range of features for a single low monthly cost, without locking you into a long-term contract. See Plans & Pricing How Live Receptionist Works Select your plan and sign-up. Tell our team of experts about your business. We train our US-based team to answer your calls. Your new Live Receptionist is ready to answer calls and help your business. Questions? We have the answers. Call us at (866) 761-8109 if you have questions about our services. What’s the difference between the standard eVoice solution and eVoice Live Receptionist? Our standard eVoice solution includes an eVoice number so you can place and receive calls, auto attendant, virtual receptionist capabilities and more. eVoice Live Receptionist combines the power of the standard eVoice solution with the premium service of a team of Live Receptionist to answer your calls and handle administrative tasks for you. What do Live Receptionists sound like? Your Live Receptionist team is U.S.-based. Here’s a sample recording of a live receptionist scheduling an appointment for a client. /wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Live-Receptionist-Sample.mp3 How is the service billed? Live Receptionist is billed per-minute. Is there a money-back guarantee? When you sign up and return the form, we begin training our Live Receptionist team to handle your business calls right away. With this level of service, we aren’t able to provide a money-back guarantee. You will, however, get to enjoy a month’s worth of service and you can easily cancel at any time. How quickly is my Live Receptionist service activated? As soon as you’ve completed your signup, we’ll email you a customization form to fill out. Once you send this form back to us, it takes about 48 hours to train your team of receptionists on your business. What hours are the Live Receptionists available to answer calls? Your dedicated team is available between 8am and 8pm EST. For after-hours coverage, you can set up a Virtual Receptionist to handle calls to ensure you never miss a call. Do the receptionists have specific areas of expertise? Yes. Our trained receptionists are trained in various fields, such as Legal, Medical, and Real Estate. We will assign the right receptionists to your team based on your business’s area of focus. Need more information? Our sales team is standing by to help you find the perfect plan for your business. Complete this form or give us a call and our sales team will help create a customized plan. 6 or more lines Live Receptionist – Premium call service team Auto Attendant – Hands-on feature setup and walkthrough SMS Texting and more Call us: (877) 581-5789 Monday – Friday 8:30am – 8pm EST (5:30am – 5pm PST) Get in touch International Calling Save On International Calling Line2 long distance rates. Prices are in US Dollars* We could not find any matches for your search. *Results are rates per minute for calls to phones and mobiles in all destinations. Rates may vary with specific destination called and are subject to change without notice. A second line for as low as $14/month See Plan & Pricing Streamline your business with Live Receptionist See Plans & Pricing See our reviews on Pricing eVoice Apps Sign In Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Company Careers Legal Customer Agreement Privacy Policy Accessibility *excluding taxes and fees © 2010– J2 Web Services, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. eVoice is a registered trademark of J2 Web Services, Inc. Toll-Free Numbers Using SMS: Due to regulatory requirements, toll-free SMS numbers require verification through an application process. If registration is not pending or completed, SMS messages sent from toll-free numbers will be blocked. For additional information about the registration process, please visit our FAQ page. FAQ PAGE We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information. Cookie SettingsACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT