Toll-Free SMS Messaging & Verification | eVoice Skip to content (877) 581-5789 Sign In Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Menu Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Get Started Toll-Free SMS Messaging & Verification UPDATED AS OF May 30, 2024 : Beginning November 3, 2023 verification through an application process is required for all Toll-Free numbers when sending SMS/text messages. A toll free number will start with one of these prefixes: 800, 833, 844, 855, 866, 877, 888. Once your application is submitted your toll-free number will be in a pending status. During this time, your number will be subject to the following messaging thresholds: Daily Limit: 500 messages Weekly Limit: 1,000 messages Monthly Limit: 2,000 messages All messages, regardless of being successful or not, will count toward the daily, weekly, and monthly volumes. For example, if a customer sends 2,000 messages on the first of the month, the first 500 messages will be allowed, and the remaining 1,500 messages will be blocked. All 2,000 messages will count toward the weekly and monthly. Important: If you do not fully complete the form there will be delays in processing the verification. Beginning November 3, 2023 verification through an application process is required for all Toll-Free numbers. If you prefer not to go through the application process you will no longer be able to send texts after November 3, 2023 from your toll-free number. Why does my toll-free number need to be verified? In an effort to protect consumers from receiving spam messages, new compliance rules have been put in place industry-wide around SMS messages from toll-free numbers. In order to continue sending SMS messages after November 3, 2023, all toll-free numbers that are used to send text messages must be verified through an application process. We are asking for your submission to be sent by Friday November 3, 2023 to mitigate any risk in interruption in your service for SMS messaging. Important: If you do not fully complete the form there will be delays in processing the verification. Toll-Free numbers are designated for business messaging use by all major carriers in the United States, and by most major mobile carriers in Canada (Rogers, Fido, Telus and Videotron). Verification approval reduces the chances that your messages will be filtered when sending to all networks in the US and parts of Canada. Below is a list of forbidden messages and use cases for SMS/MMS in the US and Canada. High-risk financial services including Payday loans Short-term, high-interest loans Third party auto loans or mortgage loans (third party is referring to originating from any person or party other than the one who is servicing the loan) Student loans Sweepstakes Stock alerts Cryptocurrency Get rich quick schemes Debt consolidation Debt reduction Credit repair programs Deceptive work from home programs Multi-level marketing Debt forgiveness Work from home programs Risk investment opportunities Debt collection or consolidation Illegal substances Cannabis CDB Alcohol Vape Drugs that cannot be sold over the counter Gambling Casino apps Gambling websites Third party companies that buy, sell or share consumer information Anything that falls under S.H.A.F.T (sex, hate, alcohol, firearms, tobacco) When does my toll-free number need to be verified? All customers that currently use a toll-free number to send SMS messages must have their application submitted to us by November 3, 2023 so that we can process it before the November 3, 2023 deadline for verification. We recommend submitting your application as soon as possible to avoid any disruption in your service. There is no charge for this process. What happens if I don’t submit my application on time? If your application is not submitted on time, you will not be able to send any SMS after Wednesday November 3, 2023.You can still submit your application after the deadline but note you will have to wait for application approval before you can resume texting using your toll-free number. A toll free number will start with one of these prefixes: 800, 833, 844, 855, 866, 877, 888. What do I need to do in order to get verified? Here is the form to fill out. Some helpful tips to keep in mind while filling out this form: Important: Each Toll-Free number needs its own application. URL/Website: If you do not have a website, please include link to your business’ social media page (e.g. Facebook) or Yelp page Campaign Description: Please describe your use case and the purpose of your messages (i.e. appointment reminders, receipts, etc.) Providing supporting information of how opt-in is collected: In order for your toll-free number to be verified and approved to send SMS, carriers require proof of consent that the consumer opted into receiving text messages. Please describe how potential subscribers are opted in to receiving messages. You need to provide one of the following as proof of consent. Note that an existing relationship does not count. Website or QR code opt-in: screenshots of sign-up form where the consumer adds their phone number and agrees to receive text messages. Website posting: screenshots of where the number is advertised and message asking consumers to text. Paper form: Photo, image or screenshot of form where consumer consented to agreeing to receive text messages Sample messages: Please provide an example of a message the end-user might receive. Consumers opting into receiving SMS: In order for your toll-free number to be verified and approved to send SMS, carriers require proof of consent that the consumer opted into receiving text messages. You need to provide one of the following as proof of consent. Please note that an existing relationship does not count. Website or QR code opt-in: screenshots of sign-up form where the consumer adds their phone number and agrees to receive text messages. Website posting: screenshots of where the number is advertised and message asking consumers to text. Paper form: Photo, image or screenshot of form where consumer consented to agreeing to receive text messages. Note: If you do not have any of the above with explicit consumer consent, it will result in rejection of your application by the carrier and you will not be able to use SMS from your toll-free number. If you have any questions, please contact customer service at verifytollfree@eVoice.com Why was my application rejected? Applications for toll-free numbers are subject to review; incomplete information or unsupported business types may be denied. At the time of review, Customer support will provide additional details on the reason for a rejection or contact you if more information is needed to help you verify your toll-free number A second line for as low as $14/month See Plan & Pricing Streamline your business with Live Receptionist See Plans & Pricing See our reviews on Pricing eVoice Apps Sign In Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Company Careers Legal Customer Agreement Privacy Policy Accessibility *excluding taxes and fees © 2010– J2 Web Services, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. eVoice is a registered trademark of J2 Web Services, Inc. Toll-Free Numbers Using SMS: Due to regulatory requirements, toll-free SMS numbers require verification through an application process. If registration is not pending or completed, SMS messages sent from toll-free numbers will be blocked. For additional information about the registration process, please visit our FAQ page. FAQ PAGE We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information. Cookie SettingsACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT