Intelligent virtual agents for RingCX  Intelligent Virtual Assistant Skip to main content December 12, 10am PT Webinar: RingCentral Trends 2025: The State of AI in Business Communications Register now RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En RingCX | IVA Conversational AI that works for you Offer both voice and digital self-service capabilities to your customers with intelligent virtual agents. Join the waitlist See pricing Always on Serve customers 24/7 on any channel with intelligent virtual agents, eliminating long wait times when live agents are busy. Bring your own IVA Deploy an intelligent virtual agent in minutes by selecting from pre-built integrations or an IVA of your choice. Powerful insights Track historical and real-time performance with customizable dashboards to identify and optimize top workflows and customer channels. Continuous value Reduce customer service costs with a scalable virtual agent that has self-learning capabilities for minimal upkeep and future-proofing. See our AI features in action Create effortless experiences with conversational AI SELF SERVICE Streamline the customer journey SELF SERVICE Streamline the customer journey Assist customers at any time, on any channel Built-in AI is immediately available to help your customers, no matter which channel they reach out on. Automate solutions for common issues Deflect routine inquiries so your human agents can focus on the complex ones where they are needed. Have natural conversations with customers Say goodbye to clumsy chatbots with limited responses and let interactions flow like a human conversation. EFFORTLESS SETUP Configure an IVA easily – no coding required EFFORTLESS SETUP Configure an IVA easily – no coding required Deploy your IVA in minutes Get an intelligent virtual agent up in no time with a visual, drag-and-drop interface, and prebuilt templates for common use cases and verticals. Train using your existing content Automatically generate a powerful Q&A framework with your existing knowledge base, then watch it learn continuously. Access actionable reporting & analytics Combine real-time and historical metrics with a platform that continuously learns over time to future-proof your virtual agent investment. EFFICIENT OPERATIONS Offer instant support, while reducing costs EFFICIENT OPERATIONS Offer instant support, while reducing costs Boost customer satisfaction Utilize an intelligent virtual agent to reduce wait times and increase first contact resolution (FCR). Reduce costs with self-service Deflect routine queries and tasks to an intelligent virtual agent that leverages natural language processing (NLP), conversational AI, interactive voice response (IVR), and other advanced technologies. Enable self-service for endless use cases Leverage intelligent virtual agents for automation, information triage, customer surveys, and more. Take a quick tour of our agent workspace Experience our AI-powered contact center in action, and see how easy it is to create the best customer experiences. Start tour now Explore the latest innovations INTEGRATIONS RingCX direct routing for Microsoft Teams Learn more CRM INTEGRATIONS Immersive agent experiences, powered by AI Learn more AI QUALITY MANAGEMENT Coach agents faster with AI-automated scorecards Learn more WORKFLOW BUILDER Automate tasks with easy to use, customizable SMS rules Learn more Explore all our customer service solutions RingCX Effortless customer experiences, powered by AI Easily manage agents, coach performance, and improve customer satisfaction with every interaction. Explore RingCX WORKFORCE ENGAGEMENT MANAGEMENT Improve agent performance & customer satisfaction Deliver the best customer experiences with AI-powered quality management, automated scorecards, and conversation analytics. Explore WEM OUTBOUND Drive sales performance &  empower your agents Sell, collect, and proactively support with dynamic outbound contact center and campaign management. Explore Outbound AI Assist Get real-time AI guidance for agents & supervisors Never miss a beat with in-the-moment answers and targeted supervisor support during live customer interactions. Explore AI Assist Create effortless customer experiences with AI Experience our AI-powered contact center in action. Contact sales See pricing Close