Enhanced Business SMS- Customer outreach via text messaging Skip to main content Gartner logo Gartner names RingCentral a Magic QuadrantTM Leader for the 10th year in a row Get the report RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En ENHANCED BUSINESS SMS Engage customers with business SMS Easy to use Business SMS at your fingertips. See pricing View demo Improve open rates Reach thousands of customers with pre-built SMS integrations and automators. One app for calling, SMS, video and more Send, receive & manage all calls, business SMS, video meetings in one place. Easy to use Login and send customers SMS on desktop or mobile in minutes. Business SMS for Microsoft Teams Send business SMS to individuals or groups natively in Microsoft Teams. See how it works Easy to use Business SMS HIGH ENGAGEMENT Low-cost customer outreach Engage and delight your customers High response rates Reach customers and suppliers faster using SMS. On average, customers see a 98% open rate and 7x engagement compared to email. Speed up customer support Login and send SMS online in seconds or send automated, templated text messages. Switch between desktop and mobile anytime to pick up where you left off. Send anything over text Send pictures of floor plans, marketing events, design heavy texts, image attachments and more! It’s simple to use, no training required. Watch a demo EASY MANAGEMENT Set up in minutes Add new phone numbers and devices in minutes One subscription for all communication needs Calling, SMS, eFax, team messaging, video meetings all in one app. Send, receive & manage all your conversations in one place. Optimized for deliverability Designed to improve deliverability, ensure carrier compliance, and reduce coverage fees. Elevate customer care with SMS integrations Trigger messages from your CRM and more with out-of-the-box prebuilt SMS integrations or build your own workflows with our open APIs for your marketing and client engagement strategies. See packages Delight every department Increase Sales Consumers who message you are 5X more likely to make a purchase. Decrease Costs SMS marketing is one of the most effective and low-cost channels for customer engagement. Improve support Our Enhanced Business SMS help brands respond to every inquiry right away, increasing CSAT and loyalty. Business SMS features that increase customer satisfaction Instant and efficient communication Reach contacts faster using SMS. Text messaging offers higher open rate and engagement as compared to email and other communication channels. Texting to the next level Why bother with plain text when you can send and receive images, audio files, videos, emojis, and other file attachments instead? Previews can be seen in-line, too! Short and lengthy messages allowed Send and receive SMS for business with up to 1,000 characters to and from RingCentral extensions or 10-digit local numbers. Easy-to-use messaging app Log in and send SMS online in seconds. Switch between your desktop and mobile phone anytime to pick up where you left off. SMS for Microsoft Teams Use text messaging, calling, voicemail transcriptions and faxing all within Microsoft Teams- unifying all business communications in one application. Advanced search function Looking for a specific message? Use powerful search capability to search through text trails by looking up keywords. Innovative integrations Automate processes and accelerate revenue when you integrate RingCentral SMS capabilities into your CRM, scheduling, marketing, and other business tools. Complete control of texts Remove unwanted calls with number blocking and create a spam blacklist for unwanted bulk text messaging as part of your text messaging service for business. One app for everything Use a single app and a single business phone number for your voice, fax, text, and multimedia messages. No need to switch devices or numbers for your convenience! RINGCENTRAL FOR MICROSOFT TEAMS Send SMS right from Microsoft Teams Transform Microsoft Teams into a powerful communications hub with RingCentral's integrated SMS. Get it now SMS FOR MARKETING Create campaigns that convert Cut through the noise and engage your consumers with targeted, two-way messaging that outperforms traditional tactics. Explore apps Text the way you want On your phone or tablet Get the mobile app On your computer Get the desktop app Reduce call volumes with scaled SMS customer care solutions Drive down operational costs while providing delightful customer experiences. Find out how Watch how RingCentral customers use Enhanced Business SMS to drive business success CASE STUDY Senderra RX “We’ve built more than a dozen triggers like this, which means we’re providing our patients with more timely information and, ultimately, better service. Plus, given that we’re sending 10,000 of these SMS messages a day, that’s also saving our team tremendous time on manual follow-ups.” Read the case study CASE STUDY Barx Parx “Texting also gets us bookings much more quickly. When clients had no choice but to call one of our numbers, those calls could take 10 minutes—between navigating our phone menus, small talk and having to repeat themselves over barking. But now, they can text us a request for an appointment and that takes 30 seconds, which frees up our employees and helps us book more services.” Read the case study FAQ about RingCentral Business SMS What kind of SMS text messaging can I send and receive? With your RingCentral business text messaging service, you can send and receive texts and multimedia messages (MMS) with suppliers, customers, colleagues, and departments from your RingCentral business numbers. With one professional phone number for all business communications, you will also be able to receive text message service notifications for your voicemails, faxes, missed calls, and urgent messages. What should I look for in a business text messaging service provider? When choosing a business text messaging service, simplicity and flexibility are key. When used correctly, business SMS can be your secret weapon for supercharging engagement. Here are some points to look for: Unified phone number - SMS outreach from your business number to maintain professional and secure communications. Unified communications inbox - Send, receive & manage all your SMS conversations, business calls and eFaxes in one place across all your devices. Carrier compliant and optimized for deliverability - Your business texting app should be designed to optimize deliverability while ensuring carrier compliance. Our SMS solution meets new Carrier requirements, helps offset some of the new per-message fees, and reduces risk of fines. All customer businesses and phone numbers are vetted and registered with TCR by RingCentral. Our advanced spam and carrier compliance detection system even helps prevent messages that would violate carrier guidelines, helping you stay in compliance and helping ensure the best possible reputation for your business with carriers. All in all, working together to drive greater deliverability, reduce costs, reduce risk to your business, and increase overall ROI. Integrations make a new world of SMS capabilities possible - RingCentral provides over 300 pre-built integrations allowing you to plug SMS into all the apps where work happens for you ( Hubspot, Google, Microsoft Teams, you name it, we got it). Send marketing blasts, notifications, automate alerts, appointment reminders, and even payment requests with our SMS integrations. Enjoy advanced SMS features like: Shared SMS inbox Automation workflows such as auto-replies, keyword auto-responder, and more Built-in AI capabilities Segmented contact list SMS campaign management Real-time data and detailed graphical analytics, like the number of messages delivered, timestamps, and much more. Easy set up with simple, transparent pricing - With some other providers, new hidden SMS fees may come as an unpleasant surprise in the form of surcharges, cost recovery fees, or other costs—even charges for unused SMS! With RingCentral, you can rely on predictable costs with transparent SMS pricing of just $0.0085 per message sent/received with no surprise fees or hidden charges. To help save you even more money, customers receive a free monthly allowance of messages and are only charged once that threshold is exceeded. To give our customers the most value, your allowance is pooled at the account level, meaning you’re not penalized for team members that use more SMS, and you don’t lose the SMS for those that use less. One subscription for business communications simplified - Business SMS is included in our RingEX plans. Enjoy robust suite of business communication tools like advanced cloud phone system, online faxing, team messaging, video conferencing, file sharing and much more. Consolidate your business partners and streamline your budget while revolutionizing your communications with RingCentral SMS. Click here to view a complete pricing breakdown of RingCentral products and services. Is there any limitation on storing my business texting messages? Each user can store up to 5,000 text messages, including sent and received messages in RingCentral business texting app. Is there a limit to the number of free text messages that I can send? Yes, there is an allotted number of messages sent/received per month for US and Canada RingEX customers. Once you have reached those thresholds, rates will apply for each message sent/received. Go to SMS Pricing Changes for more information. Can I execute mass text messaging? Yes. You can use the RingCentral app to send bulk SMS messages, including international numbers. Different from a group message, which RingCentral also offers, sending a text message in bulk means sending the same message to multiple people in separate messages. You can also integrate with our partners like BeeTexting to build out and manage SMS contact lists to send updates, notifications, alerts, or promotions. Easily add your recipients to multiple lists – and even set up advanced messaging rules to perfectly segment your customers. Can I use my toll-free number to send out SMS/MMS? Yes, sending outbound SMS is supported. However, sending/receiving MMS for toll-free numbers is currently not supported. Please contact your RingCentral Account Manager to enable sending SMS with your toll-free number. How much would a business SMS service cost? Investing in a business texting service that can be launched via smartphones, desktops, and various devices is a must for organizations looking for a more effective, efficient two-way communication channel. It can be utilized for day-to-day conversations, SMS marketing, customer support, and the list goes on. While there are many options that promise impressive features, you’ll find that some of them may be way out of budget. With RingCentral, you get all the best features of business SMS without breaking the bank. Click here to view a complete pricing breakdown of RingCentral products and services. Are there any restrictions on the type of messages I can send? Yes, mobile carriers have placed restrictions on how you may message recipients, as well as the types of messages and campaigns you may send. Please review our SMS policies to better understand these restrictions and the requirements carriers have placed on business SMS. What if I am a Teams user and want to use SMS capabilities within the Teams app? With RingCentral for Microsoft Teams, you can send and receive SMS messages to contacts in the company directory or an external number within Microsoft Teams. Additional benefits of RingCentral SMS natively embedded into your Teams app include having an unified inbox, unified number, powerful search capability, MMS support, being carrier compliant, deliverability optimizations, and more. Microsoft Teams customers with a E1 and E3 license can embed RingCentral’s advanced capabilities – including SMS, Fax, Voicemail Transcription, Analytics, Call Queues, and more – without needing to pay for an $8/user Teams Calling license. Learn more about RingCentral for Microsoft Teams here. More sales. Less costs. Happier customers. Find the perfect plan Close