Hold Music | Keep Callers Engaged While They Wait | eVoice Skip to content (877) 581-5789 Sign In Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Menu Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Get Started Keep your callers entertained while they wait eVoice’s on-hold music provides callers with the assurance that their call is still in the queue and will be answered shortly. Engage and entertain with a catchy tune so they don’t drop off. Get Started What is on-hold music? On-hold music is the music your customers will hear while they are waiting for a call to be answered. Eliminate the silence and let your callers know that their call will be answered shortly. Get Started On-hold options built to fit your needs eVoice offers on-hold music for all of your inbound calls. Use our licensed on-hold music or upload your own music. Get Started Have a listen to our licensed on-hold music /wp-content/uploads/2021/06/Dave-Brubeck-Quartet-Take-Five-19-seconds.mp3 Set up your on-hold music in three easy steps! Sign-up for eVoice Complete your sign-up and begin setting up your new account. Select your music option Listen to the options eVoice has to offer for on-hold music or record your own message. Test out your new music Call your eVoice number and listen to your new music or customized message while you wait. Customize your music and include a special message Incorporate a company message within your on-hold message to inform callers of new company updates, products, store hours, or promotions. Get Started Explore some of the other powerful features of eVoice Professional greetings Utilize one of our professional greetings to make a great first impression with your callers. Learn More Auto-Attendant Never worry about missing phone calls without hiring a full-time receptionist. Learn More Caller ID Know who’s calling you before you answer the phone, to prioritize calls and direct them accordingly. Learn More A second line for as low as $14/month See Plan & Pricing Streamline your business with Live Receptionist See Plans & Pricing See our reviews on Pricing eVoice Apps Sign In Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Company Careers Legal Customer Agreement Privacy Policy Accessibility *excluding taxes and fees © 2010– J2 Web Services, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. eVoice is a registered trademark of J2 Web Services, Inc. Toll-Free Numbers Using SMS: Due to regulatory requirements, toll-free SMS numbers require verification through an application process. If registration is not pending or completed, SMS messages sent from toll-free numbers will be blocked. For additional information about the registration process, please visit our FAQ page. FAQ PAGE We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information. Cookie SettingsACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT