Video Meeting Solution + Team Messaging & More | RingCentral Skip to main content Gartner logo Gartner names RingCentral a Magic QuadrantTM Leader for the 10th year in a row Get the report RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En Video Meetings AI-first video meetings & conferencing AI-powered video meetings, transcripts, summaries, and recordings Video meetings made simple, with AI enhancing in-meeting interactions and providing comprehensive post-meeting recaps. Try free Contact sales Wells Insurance logo RingCentral Video has really been a game changer in simplifying communications for our business both internally and externally. Brian Garrett – Director of IT, Wells Insurance AI-powered In-meeting transcriptions and closed captions Post-meeting summaries, highlights, and transcripts All included at no additional cost! Join from anywhere Full-featured desktop and mobile browser experience Powerful mobile app experience Rich collaboration Unlimited interactive whiteboarding Collaborate on meeting notes Seamless switching One-click desktop/mobile switch Elevate from phone call to video Secure meetings Dynamic end-to-end encryption Waiting rooms and host controls RingCentral Video has really been a game changer in simplifying communications for our business both internally and externally…. Features such as Live Transcription and Meeting Insights allow our insurance agents to better understand and provide more personalized advice during client calls and help close more deals. Brian Garrett, Director of IT, Wells Insurance Centre for Neuro Skills logo RingCentral Video has all the tools we need and more for our daily collaboration needs for our patients and with our therapy group, from being able to easily share our screens to share documents and presentations, to even pulling out an infinite whiteboard for a quick brainstorming session with my team. Joe Castillo, Regional Director of Operations, Centre for Neuro Skills Join meetings from anywhere, any device No-download join Join from a supported desktop or mobile browser—perfect for your external guests and clients. *Desktop - Edge, Firefox, Chrome, Safari *Mobile - Chrome (Android), Safari (iOS) Powerful mobile experience Get a full-featured meeting experience from the mobile app. Use whiteboards, annotate, share live content from your back camera, and more. Take your meetings on the go Switch between desktop and mobile devices with just one click. A smarter way to meet AI-powered online meetings that help save time and increase productivity in and outside of meetings—all at no extra cost. Meeting summaries for instant recaps and catching up Boost your in-meeting focus and post-meeting productivity by automatically keeping a record of what happened and who said what. No need to take notes or rewatch recordings—AI summarizes the highlights and lets you search for keywords or topics. Meeting transcript Keywords and topics Automated chapters Meeting summary Playback by speaker Video Highlight Reel Transcription and captioning for more inclusive experiences Joined late or couldn’t catch the conversation? Follow along with in-meeting live transcripts and captions. Now transcribing in English, Spanish, and German. Always look and sound professional Your video meeting software should give you crystal-clear audio and visuals. With HD video quality, there’s no risk of miscommunication from blurry images or dropped calls. Block out distracting background noise with AI-powered noise reduction—just toggle it on or off when you need to. Add virtual backgrounds, and always look your best with filters, camera auto-follow, and more. Collaboration tools that make brainstorming easy Whiteboard Bring teams together for exciting collaborative sessions with a digital whiteboard that makes room for everyone’s ideas. Breakout Rooms Easily split up a larger meeting into smaller groups for effective brainstorming sessions. Team Huddle Host ongoing meetings that allow colleagues to come and go as they please—kind of like a virtual team room. Collaborative Notes Simultaneously take notes directly within the meeting, without needing a separate note-taking app. Dynamic end-to-end encryption Add another layer of security to video meetings when needed—with the ability to dynamically turn on or off with a click of a button. Dive into the details with our video meetings datasheet Get the data sheet Complete your setup with video meeting add-ons RingCentral Rooms™ Make any room a meeting room and keep hybrid teams connected in and outside the office. Learn more RingCentral Webinar™ Launch webinars in just a few clicks from the RingCentral app. Learn more RingCentral Events™ The all-in-one solution for virtual, onsite, or hybrid events where AI enhances every milestone, from planning to execution. Learn more Where analytics, security, and flexibility meet Evolve workflows with integrations, identify and address video meeting quality issues, and keep big ideas safe with enterprise-grade security. Integrations Add integrations you and your teams need into RingCentral, including syncing meetings with Google/Outlook calendars and more. Explore apps RingEX Analytics™ Get real-time insights into the quality of your video meetings with RingEX Analytics™. Learn more Trust Center From end-to-end encryption to third-party validation, get transparency on all things security at our Trust Center. Visit the Trust Center Video API for Developers The power of RingCentral Video, everywhere. Easily start meetings with the API or fully embed live video into your browser or mobile app. Learn more Start meeting for free No downloads or contracts required. Host unlimited meetings, plus team messaging for free with RingCentral Video. Get started for free Learn more Phone Manage and route calls on any device. Learn more Message Get everyone on the same page with team messaging. Learn more Video meeting frequently asked questions What is the difference between RingEX and RingCentral Video Pro/Pro+? RingEX is a unified communications platform that offers messaging, video, phone, and more all in one app, and is best for customers who are seeking a full business communications package. RingCentral Video Pro/Pro+, which comes in a free and paid version, offers video conferencing with built-in team messaging. This is best for customers who do not need a phone line and want to have seamless communications through messaging and meetings only. Fortunately, no matter which plan you sign up for, almost all video meeting features are supported across both plans. Do I need to download a separate RingCentral app? Nope! Whether you use RingEX or Video Pro/Pro+, you can use the same RingCentral app. You can download the mobile version on iOS and Android mobile devices and the desktop app on Windows and Mac for free. You can also create a free account with RingCentral Video Pro, then upgrade to paid plans like RingCentral Video Pro+ and RingEX at any time. You can download here: https://www.ringcentral.com/download.html Do you need the RingCentral app to join a free video meeting? No download is required to join a RingCentral video meeting, even with our free plan. Instead of downloading the RingCentral app, simply join from a supported web browser: Desktop: Edge, Firefox, Chrome, Safari Mobile: Chrome (Android), Safari (iOS) Is RingCentral Video safe? RingCentral’s video conferencing solution is absolutely secure and trusted by big and small businesses worldwide. Our virtual meetings come with multi-layer security and are GDPR, HIPAA, and HITRUST certified. Your plan includes features such as a waiting room and user authentication to make sure only authorized users can join your meetings, while host controls enable you to remove participants who don’t need to hear confidential discussions. You can even add another layer of security to your video conferences when needed, with dynamic end-to-end encryption (E2EE)—and the ability to dynamically turn this on or off with a click of a button. How do I schedule an online meeting? Scheduling a RingCentral video meeting is simple, and there are three ways to do so through the RingCentral app. You can: Schedule via the Video tab interface Schedule using the Video action button in any conversation Schedule via the “New” action button next to your profile name on the top right of the app. We highly recommend syncing your Microsoft Outlook or Google Calendar so that you can ensure your meetings are on your calendar! You can also easily schedule a meeting directly from Microsoft Outlook or Google Calendar with the respective Scheduler Add-Ins, available through our RingCentral App Gallery. How can I record my video meeting? Recordings can be done by the meeting host. For the meeting host, click on the record button located at the bottom of your meeting screen. You will know the recording has started when a red dot and a timer show up on the bottom left. Once the meeting is completed, go to the Video tab in the RingCentral app and select “All recordings”. You’ll notice that the recording will contain Advanced Meeting Insights, which consists of AI-generated summaries, keywords, highlight reel, and meeting transcripts. These allow you to easily catch up without having to rewatch the entire recording and are shareable with users within your company. How long do RingCentral video meetings last? Unlike many other free video meeting platforms—and some paid services, too—there are fewer limitations on meetings with RingCentral. On the free RingCentral Video Pro plan, you get unlimited 50-minute video meetings for up to 100 participants. On the Video Pro+ plan, meanwhile, you get unlimited 24-hour video meetings for up to 200 participants. How do I join a RingCentral video meeting? Whether you’re a meeting host or a participant, it’s easy to join a video meeting. If you have the RingCentral app downloaded and your calendar synced, simply go to the “Video” tab, hover over the meeting on your calendar, and click on “Join”. You can also easily join from a supported browser. Click on the meeting link, whether sent to you directly or in your calendar invite. When prompted, click to join the meeting from the browser. What are the benefits of video meetings? More and more companies are offering remote and hybrid working models, which enables them to expand their operations globally. Meeting via video conference is perfect when your teams are dispersed and your clients are on the other side of the world. It’s also great for quick catch-ups without anyone having to leave their desk, while employees out on the road can join in, too. And you can use it for anything from a morning briefing to a full-company town hall, or even a social event. Plus, you still get to see colleagues and customers face-to-face, which can be more personal than a voice call. Why is RingCentral the best video meeting software? RingCentral Video offers a multitude of features across its affordable plans, giving you everything you need to host and join meetings from anywhere, and offer all participants a smooth experience. With a no-download joining option, smart AI tools, HD video quality, and optimum security, what’s not to love? That’s why, in our humble opinion, it’s the best video meeting app. Tap into the power of modern video meetings No downloads or contracts required. Host unlimited meetings, plus team messaging for free with RingCentral Video. See pricing Close