Golden State Warriors Case Study | RingCentral Skip to main content RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En Back to Customer Stories Golden State Warriors The NBA’s Golden State Warriors Use RingCentral to Keep Their Champion Workforce Connected—and Winning NBA.com/Warriors Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Linkedin Icon We’re an NBA team first and foremost, but we’re also rapidly expanding into gaming, dining, retail, film, music and other live entertainment experiences. One reason we’ve been so confident adding locations, employees, and new ventures is that we have a unified communications solution that keeps us all operating as one team. RingCentral has proven to be a key player for the Golden State Warriors. Daniel Brusilovsky Vice President of Technology One of the most popular teams in the NBA The Golden State Warriors organization has built an impressive record over its 76 years in the National Basketball Association. The San Francisco-based team has won seven NBA Championships, holds the league record for most wins in a season (73!), and has seen 27 of its former players inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame. But even with all those accolades, the members of the Warriors organization—from the players to the front-office staff—are equally proud of the connection they’ve built with their fans. The Warriors are a perennial fan favorite in the NBA—shown in part by the team’s league-leading status in merchandise sales and their 430-home game sellout streak. In recent years, the organization has found new ways to deepen its connection with its fans. The Warriors built the team’s home arena, Chase Center, as an entertainment destination only NBA games, concerts, comedy performances, and other events year-round. The arena also offers fans a dynamic, open-air gathering space—Thrive City—featuring dining, retail shops, farmers markets, outdoor festivals, and community events. INDUSTRY Professional Sports HQ San Francisco, CA YEAR FOUNDED 1946 EMPLOYEES 500 A communications platform capable of growing with the team With such a wide range of new endeavors in such a short time—including forming an Esports team, the Golden Guardians, for the National Esports Association—the Warriors organization has expanded its staff and its geographic footprint considerably in recent years. Daniel Brusilovsky, Vice President of Technology for the Golden State Warriors, explains that the organization now has a presence across California—including San Francisco’s Chase Center and Thrive City; a stadium and office facility in Santa Cruz, home to the organization’s G League Santa Cruz Warriors; and the Golden Guardians gaming facility. “When I started here, we operated out of an office in Oakland near the arena where our team played—a venue we didn’t own. Now we’re running a full-scale entertainment and media organization with facilities up and down the state and an employee count five times the size of our Oakland days. What’s amazing is that we’re still able to communicate, collaborate, and create together as if we were all in the same office—largely because we have RingCentral.” Proving you can’t keep a Warrior down The Warriors rolled out RingCentral’s cloud phone and video conferencing solution prior to COVID. And as Daniel notes, employees found numerous ways to improve their workflows with the anywhere, any-device communication app very quickly. But RingCentral really began to shine for the Warriors organization, he points out, when the lockdowns started. “On March 14, 2020, our President and COO made the decision to send all 500 employees to work from home. And incredibly, it worked. Everyone was up and running—having team meetings by video conference, making calls from our business numbers to season ticket members—without any issues. The only reason that transition happened so smoothly was that we all had the RingCentral softphone on our laptops and the mobile app on our phones.” As the COVID quarantines carried on, the Warriors staff continued finding more ways to leverage their RingCentral cloud communications platform to stay connected to each other and the team’s fans. One tool we made great use of during COVID was RingCentral Webinar. We used it to host large gatherings like employee town halls and meetings with our season ticket members. These get-togethers were invaluable for keeping our staff engaged and making sure our members knew we were thinking about them. RingCentral functioned as the heartbeat of the Warriors organization while we were all locked down. Daniel Brusilovsky Vice President of Technology RingCentral Rooms proves the perfect technology for an office-team huddle In late 2021, several Warriors employees returned to the team’s offices as the organization was preparing to host its first live concert at Chase Center since the pandemic quarantine began. And as Daniel points out, his team realized they would need to adjust their communications technology to accommodate the new, hybrid working arrangements. “We knew we’d need a lot of close coordination among our staff—some in the office, others staying remote—to make our Chase Center events successful. Our RingCentral rep suggested equipping our conference areas with RingCentral Rooms. That proved a huge success. We had people in conference rooms meeting with remote coworkers on huge display monitors. Before long, every conference room was filled with employees running hybrid team meetings like this.” We’re bringing on new staff, starting new lines of business, and adding offices faster than we ever have. But no matter how big our organization gets, or how wide our geographic footprint, we’re confident that RingCentral will always help keep us connected—and feeling like Warriors. Daniel Brusilovsky Vice President of Technology Dream jobs in dream locations With more than 5 million users and over 6,000 employees, RingCentral offers incredible opportunities across the globe. See all jobs by location Amsterdam Netherlands Apply now Singelstaete, Singel 250, Amsterdam, 1016 AB, NL Belmont CA, United States Play video Apply now Play video HeadQuarters, 20 Davis Drive, Belmont CA 94002 Bengaluru India Play video Apply now Play video WeWork, Prestige Central, 36, Infantry Rd, Tasker Town, Shivaji Nagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560001 Charlotte NC, United States Apply now 200 South College Street, Suite 1900, Charlotte, NC 28202 Dallas TX, United States Play video Apply now Play video 14675 Dallas Pkwy, Suite 200 Dallas, TX 75254 Denver CO, United States Play video Apply now Play video 8005 South Chester Street, Suite 200, Centennial, CO 80112 Dublin Ireland Apply now Skybridge House Corballis Road Dublin, IE Gurugram India Play video Apply now Play video WeWork, DLF Forum, DLF Cyber City, Phase III, Gurugram, Haryana 122002 Hamburg Germany Apply now RingCentral GmbH, Poststr. 33, 20354 Hamburg Hangzhou China Play video Apply now Play video 3A, Block A, Dragon Times Plaza, No.8 Wantang Road, Xihu District, Hangzhou city, Zhejiang Province Hong Kong China Apply now 30/F, Tower 5, The Gateway, Harbour City, 15 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong London United Kingdom Play video Apply now Play video 85 Uxbridge Road, 4th Floor, Ealing, London W5 5th Manila - Cubao Philippines Play video Apply now Play video 26th floor Cyberpark Tower 2, Araneta Center Cubao, Quezon City Manila - Ortigas Philippines Play video Apply now Play video 32nd - 33rd floor Cyberscape Gamma, Topaz Road or Ruby Road, Ortigas Center, Pasig City Mumbai India Play video Apply now Play video Unit No. 9, Corporate Park II, 9th floor, VN Purav Marg., Near Swastik Chambers, Chembur, Mumbai 400071 India Ottawa ON, Canada Apply now 21-5480 Canotek Road Ottawa, ON K1J 9H7 Paris France Apply now 3 Rue Saint-Georges Paris, France 75009 Seoul South Korea Apply now WeWork Seoul 1-ho Yuhan Hoesa, 10F, 373, Gangnam-daero, Office 11-117, Seoul, 06621, South Korea Sofia Bulgaria Bulgaria Apply now Business Center Megapark 115 G Tsarigradsko Shose Blvd., 9th Floor Mladost District 1784 Sofia Sydney Australia Apply now Level 28 - WeWork, 161 Castlereagh Street Sydney 2000 Tel Aviv Israel Apply now Yosef Karo St 18, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel 6701422 Zürich Switzerland Apply now RingCentral CH GmbH c/o Zedra Trust Company (Suisse) SA, Zweigniederlassung Zürich Stockerstrasse 43 8002 Zürich, Switzerland Valencia Spain Apply now Carrer de Luis Merelo y Mas, 6, 46023 València, Spain Xiamen China Play video Apply now Play video 8-9/F, Century Tower, No. 7 Yilan Road, Guanyinshan, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 361008 Show more offices Close