Add-On Features | Professional Phone Service | eVoice Skip to content (877) 581-5789 Sign In Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Menu Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Get Started Go beyond the basics Additional features to transform your communications and make your eVoice phone line even more powerful. See Plan & Pricing Call Recording Record calls so you can listen back at any time or share with your colleagues. Learn More Unlimited Messaging Send and receive text messages to multiple recipients. Learn More Live-Receptionist Enlist trained, U.S.-based receptionists to handle your inbound calls. Learn More Voicemail Transcriptions Convert voicemails to mp3 or WAV files and send to any email. Learn More Professional Greeting Have your greeting recorded by a professional voice talent. Learn More To sign up with these features, please contact our sales team at (877) 581-5789. Need more information? Our sales team is standing by to help you find the perfect plan for your business. Complete this form or give us a call and our sales team will help create a customized plan. 6 or more lines Live Receptionist – Premium call service team Auto Attendant – Hands-on feature setup and walkthrough SMS Texting and more Call us: (877) 581-5789 Monday – Friday 8:30am – 8pm EST (5:30am – 5pm PST) Get in touch International Calling Save On International Calling Line2 long distance rates. Prices are in US Dollars* We could not find any matches for your search. *Results are rates per minute for calls to phones and mobiles in all destinations. Rates may vary with specific destination called and are subject to change without notice. International Calling Save On International Calling Line2 long distance rates. Prices are in US Dollars* We could not find any matches for your search. *Results are rates per minute for calls to phones and mobiles in all destinations. Rates may vary with specific destination called and are subject to change without notice. A second line for as low as $14/month See Plan & Pricing Streamline your business with Live Receptionist See Plans & Pricing See our reviews on Pricing eVoice Apps Sign In Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Company Careers Legal Customer Agreement Privacy Policy Accessibility *excluding taxes and fees © 2010– J2 Web Services, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. eVoice is a registered trademark of J2 Web Services, Inc. Toll-Free Numbers Using SMS: Due to regulatory requirements, toll-free SMS numbers require verification through an application process. If registration is not pending or completed, SMS messages sent from toll-free numbers will be blocked. For additional information about the registration process, please visit our FAQ page. FAQ PAGE We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information. Cookie SettingsACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT