Cloud Phone System for Retail Services | RingCentral Skip to main content RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En Your one-stop shop for better customer and employee  experiences Empowering memorable service and loyal customers in retail, dining, and hospitality through seamless communication. Request demo Hover to explore additional topics Retail Retail Tab. Click to expand for more content Restaurants Restaurants Tab. Click to expand for more content Hospitality Hospitality Tab. Click to expand for more content A single cloud communications platform for forward-looking retailers From department stores to online retailers, local specialty shops to national supermarket chains — delight customers and support employees with flexible, intelligent service capabilities. Retailers everywhere are reimagining the shopping experience with RingCentral See their stories C&S Wholesale Grocers logo Hot Topic logo John Varvatos logo Naked Wines logo Waitrose logo Make It Easy To Get Help Guide customers through common self-service transactions like order status tracking and returns with intuitive IVR solutions, or triage and transfer to a representative. Set Up For Success Enhance customer experience and support agent success by routing calls based on the service required and by providing associates with customer profile and purchasing data using integrated CRM apps. Remove Friction from Pickups Improve order-handling and overall customer experience with a dedicated line that lets you coordinate in-store and curbside pickups. Stay nimble with accurate call-routing and SMS order alerts for curbside, BOPIS, and delivery. Put Customer Interaction Data to Work Analyze call origination, volumes, and durations to better understand customer engagement, agent performance, and campaign effectiveness. Always Open Provide after-hours and self-service support with an automated information line to point customers to your online store and provide quick access to store hours, location information, and current promotions outside of business hours. Everything we need to support customers is in one virtual workspace. Matt Doughty, Team Manager at Waitrose & Partners Watch video Explore more resources Ebook Connected shopper and employee communications report Customer story See how John Varvatos saved 18% on communications costs A better experience is on the house Make every customer touchpoint one to remember — from placing an order to curbside pickup. Restaurants and specialty merchants trust RingCentral to connect with their customers See their stories Cote at Home logo Costa Express logo Giordano's Logo K&L Wine Merchants logo Mr. Delivery logo Stumptown Coffee Roasters logo Put Your Customers in Control Put an IVR system in place to say goodbye to hold times and hello to customer satisfaction. Customers can book, confirm, or cancel reservations through a call menu while reducing the need for staff to manage reservations manually. Understand Your Call Volumes, Understand Your Business Analyze call data to identify peak times for customer calls and where those calls are coming from. Use call data to schedule staff during busy periods and drive investments in the right places. Create the Smoothest Takeout Experience A dedicated line for takeout orders can streamline the ordering process and reduce errors. The result: happy customers. Tap into Customer Feedback Post-dining feedback can be collected through automated calls, allowing for immediate and more detailed customer insights. Reward Loyalty Provide dedicated telephony support for loyalty program inquiries to enhance customer engagement and boost program utilization. Because RingCentral Contact Centre connects our agents with customers so quickly, it’s increasing sales. If we were slow to respond to an inquiry before, that meant an abandoned cart. Now it’s a quick answer — and a sale. Chris Petryna, Head of IT, Côte at Home See customer story Explore more resources Video Brinker International: How cloud communications fuels sales Ebook Communication matters: How employee empowerment impacts brand experience Provide customers with an experience as unique as they are A single cloud communications platform can put your customers in control of when and how they interact with you while maximizing staffing resources. Hotel and vacation rental providers everywhere trust RingCentral to connect with their customers See their stories Nomad.me Logo Path Vacations logo Automated Booking and Confirmation AI and IVR solutions provide self-service options for customers to manage their room bookings, confirmations, and modifications while reducing manual workload on staff. Guest Services Hotline A dedicated line lets guests access various services like room service, concierge, or housekeeping, improving guest experience and operational efficiency. Peak Time Analysis for Staffing Using call data analytics to determine peak call times for front desk or concierge services, allowing for better staffing and resource allocation. Real-Time Agent Coaching Use real-time agent coaching to provide in-the-moment training or customer offers when booking. We’re in the business of delivering outstanding, hassle-free vacation experiences — and those experiences include providing excellent support anytime our guests contact us. Thanks to RingCentral, we’re able to do that now better than ever. Jessica Tivey, Director of Sales and Marketing, Path Vacations See customer story Salesforce logo Zendesk logo Google logo Hubspot logo Integrations Integrate with your favorite apps Integrate RingCentral with hundreds of tools that you rely on every day. Looking for a custom integration? We’ve got you covered—build your own with our open APIs. Go to app gallery Trusted Secure, Reliable, and Integrative We prioritize your business's reliability and security. RingCentral ensures you stay connected to your customers with minimal downtime and robust data protection. Our platform also integrates seamlessly with other essential business tools, streamlining your workflow. Learn more American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Service Order Control 2 badge American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Service Order Control 3 badge SkyHIgh Entrprise Ready badge Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act certified badge HiTrust CSF Certified badge Let's talk shop We'll get you up and running in no time. Full name* Enter a valid full name Work email* Enter a valid email address Business phone number* Enter a valid phone number Company name* Enter a valid company name Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Country Enter a valid country 1 - 19 20 - 99 100 - 399 400 - 4999 5000+ Number of employees* Enter a valid number of employees Request demo Required fields* By clicking the button above, you consent to receiving calls and emails from RingCentral. Calls may be connected using automated technology. Privacy Notice Thank you for your interest in RingCentral A sales advisor will contact you within 24 hours. If you'd like to speak to someone now, please call (800) 574 5290 Close