First Bank  Case Study | RingCentral Skip to main content RingCentral Logo Small Business Enterprise Service providers Talk to an expert: (800) 574 5290 Join a meeting Support Login Access your calls, messages, and meetings. RingCentral App Access your calls, messages, and meetings. Access your account and plan your next event. RingCentral Events Access your account and plan your next event. Access your account settings. Admin Portal Access your RingCentral App account settings. Billing Portal Billing Portal Access and manage your billing information United States Australia En Bulgaria Bg Canada En China Zh France Fr Germany De Ireland En Italy It Mexico Es Netherlands En Portugal Pt Singapore En Spain Es United Kingdom En United States En Back to Customer Stories First Bank Multibillion-Dollar Bank Uses RingCentral to Upgrade Customer Service and Employee Communications Across More than 100 Branches first.bank Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Linkedin Icon RingCentral rollout is already saving us 30% on our overall phone system costs. Bala Nibhanupudi Chief Information Officer, First Bank Since its founding 100 years ago as a small neighborhood bank primarily for farmers, First Bank has grown into a multibillion-dollar institution offering a full suite of financial and wealth management services to individuals and businesses across the country. The company has more than 100 locations, over a thousand employees, and more than a dozen different call centers to serve customers. So, when First Bank set a goal in 2016 of updating its core systems—including migrating its communications from a legacy PBX to a cloud-based system—the technical team took its time investigating the various offerings on the market. This was going to represent major changes in workflow and functionality for hundreds of employees, and a new experience for customers as well, and they didn’t want to select anything less than the best. INDUSTRY Financial Services HQ St. Louis, MO YEAR FOUNDED 1906 EMPLOYEES 1,000+ A six-month analysis of UCaaS providers leads to RingCentral “We investigated all of the leading unified-communications-as-a-service players on the market before selecting RingCentral,” says Bala Nibhanupudi, First Bank’s Chief Information Officer. “With each of the other providers, we found something (or more than one thing) lacking. One of the factors that drew us to RingCentral was that it had such a wide range of services on a single platform. It offered not only softphone functionality, allowing our call center employees to take customer calls from their computers, desk phones, or mobile phones but also a full suite of workforce optimization tools like quality management and speech analytics as well as a unified messaging and collaboration workspace for our team.” Deploying RingCentral was extremely smooth Another key factor that led First Bank to RingCentral was the availability of RingCentral Professional Services™ to help the company roll out the new system across its many locations. “That hands-on help from the RingCentral Professional Services team was a big deal for us,” Nibhanupudi explains, “because this was going to be a large, complex undertaking involving many vendors and deployment across 100 plus branches. Also, the technical work involved in the migration was going to be tricky because our infrastructure was old and built on many disparate systems. We were running everything on a PBX and call center software, which itself was comprised of multiple systems.” “RingCentral Professional Services has been doing an awesome job of helping us make this rollout smooth and getting our team up and running very quickly,” says Nibhanupudi. “Throughout phase 1 of our migration, they have been on-site at our locations helping to set up the new systems, port over existing phone numbers, and coordinating with our other vendors, and even helping train our team members on using the new system.” RingCentral Professional Services has been doing an awesome job of helping us make this rollout smooth and getting our team up and running very quickly. Bala Nibhanupudi Chief Information Officer, First Bank Phase 1 of First Bank’s rollout of RingCentral is already showing significant benefits First Bank is now midway through phase 1 of its planned two-phase company deployment of a full suite of RingCentral’s UCaaS services including RingEX™, RingCentral Contact Center™, Glip®, and other applications. “We’re already seeing a big return on our investment in RingCentral,” says Nibhanupudi. “We’ve been able to replace our PBX and the six or seven servers we were maintaining to run our previous call center infrastructure with a lightweight, cloud-based system. Even factoring in the cost of RingCentral’s desktop VoIP phones that we’ve set up, the RingCentral rollout is already saving us 30% on our overall phone system costs.” “Also, as soon as we replaced our employees’ legacy phones with RingCentral, we began to see value immediately. Our team was able to do a lot more with RingCentral’s softphone capability than they’d ever been able to do with our legacy phones. And this was before we fully implemented the complete RingCentral solution in the way we plan to in the next phase—which will create a unified communications experience for our team to call, meet, message, and collaborate from anywhere using any device. Bottom line for us: RingCentral is already making good on its promise of improving our communications, and we anticipate it will continue delivering even more value as we roll out more services.” Dream jobs in dream locations With more than 5 million users and over 6,000 employees, RingCentral offers incredible opportunities across the globe. See all jobs by location Amsterdam Netherlands Apply now Singelstaete, Singel 250, Amsterdam, 1016 AB, NL Belmont CA, United States Play video Apply now Play video HeadQuarters, 20 Davis Drive, Belmont CA 94002 Bengaluru India Play video Apply now Play video WeWork, Prestige Central, 36, Infantry Rd, Tasker Town, Shivaji Nagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560001 Charlotte NC, United States Apply now 200 South College Street, Suite 1900, Charlotte, NC 28202 Dallas TX, United States Play video Apply now Play video 14675 Dallas Pkwy, Suite 200 Dallas, TX 75254 Denver CO, United States Play video Apply now Play video 8005 South Chester Street, Suite 200, Centennial, CO 80112 Dublin Ireland Apply now Skybridge House Corballis Road Dublin, IE Gurugram India Play video Apply now Play video WeWork, DLF Forum, DLF Cyber City, Phase III, Gurugram, Haryana 122002 Hamburg Germany Apply now RingCentral GmbH, Poststr. 33, 20354 Hamburg Hangzhou China Play video Apply now Play video 3A, Block A, Dragon Times Plaza, No.8 Wantang Road, Xihu District, Hangzhou city, Zhejiang Province Hong Kong China Apply now 30/F, Tower 5, The Gateway, Harbour City, 15 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong London United Kingdom Play video Apply now Play video 85 Uxbridge Road, 4th Floor, Ealing, London W5 5th Manila - Cubao Philippines Play video Apply now Play video 26th floor Cyberpark Tower 2, Araneta Center Cubao, Quezon City Manila - Ortigas Philippines Play video Apply now Play video 32nd - 33rd floor Cyberscape Gamma, Topaz Road or Ruby Road, Ortigas Center, Pasig City Mumbai India Play video Apply now Play video Unit No. 9, Corporate Park II, 9th floor, VN Purav Marg., Near Swastik Chambers, Chembur, Mumbai 400071 India Ottawa ON, Canada Apply now 21-5480 Canotek Road Ottawa, ON K1J 9H7 Paris France Apply now 3 Rue Saint-Georges Paris, France 75009 Seoul South Korea Apply now WeWork Seoul 1-ho Yuhan Hoesa, 10F, 373, Gangnam-daero, Office 11-117, Seoul, 06621, South Korea Sofia Bulgaria Bulgaria Apply now Business Center Megapark 115 G Tsarigradsko Shose Blvd., 9th Floor Mladost District 1784 Sofia Sydney Australia Apply now Level 28 - WeWork, 161 Castlereagh Street Sydney 2000 Tel Aviv Israel Apply now Yosef Karo St 18, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel 6701422 Zürich Switzerland Apply now RingCentral CH GmbH c/o Zedra Trust Company (Suisse) SA, Zweigniederlassung Zürich Stockerstrasse 43 8002 Zürich, Switzerland Valencia Spain Apply now Carrer de Luis Merelo y Mas, 6, 46023 València, Spain Xiamen China Play video Apply now Play video 8-9/F, Century Tower, No. 7 Yilan Road, Guanyinshan, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 361008 Show more offices Close