Get a Vanity Phone Number | Toll Free Numbers | eVoice Skip to content (877) 581-5789 Sign In Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Menu Pricing Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Get Started Create a phone number everyone will remember Make it easy for customers to contact you with a toll-free vanity phone number. Use a word or catchy number that reflects your business. ex: 1-800-FLOWERS. You can customize further by choosing a toll-free or local number. Get Started Focus on your business while you increase sales Prioritize your sales calls with a vanity number and use a different line for customer service. By selecting and having the right vanity number for your business you can increase your call rates by up to 50%. Get Started Reach clients nationwide with a vanity toll-free number Expand your business and provide prospects nationwide the opportunity to call you for free. Display your vanity number prominently on your website so anyone who needs to reach you can see it. Get Started How to request a vanity number Get your vanity number from eVoice in 3 easy steps! Get Started Sign-up for eVoice Complete your sign-up and begin setting up your new account. Choose a local number Select a region and find the phone number to use for your business. Request your vanity number Contact the Customer Support Team to request your vanity number. Want to check if a specific vanity number is available before signing up? Contact Us Now Why trust eVoice Speak to your customers on their terms. Manage your calls so you never miss an opportunity. Very easy to get my own business phone number and not use my own personal cell number. What I would like even more is having the option to have text forwarding. Paul N. Freelancer Trusted by over 100,000 small businesses More phone number options Explore other phone number options from eVoice Toll-Free Numbers Show your customers you are an established business with a toll-free phone number. Learn More Local Numbers Establish a local presence and provide your customers a local contact number. Learn More Port Your Number Keep your existing phone number and work with our team to port over your number. Learn More A second line for as low as $14/month See Plan & Pricing Streamline your business with Live Receptionist See Plans & Pricing See our reviews on Pricing eVoice Apps Sign In Product Phone Numbers Core Features Add-On Features Live Receptionist Support Help/FAQ 10DLC SMS Registration Toll Free SMS Registration Contact Us Company Careers Legal Customer Agreement Privacy Policy Accessibility *excluding taxes and fees © 2010– J2 Web Services, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. eVoice is a registered trademark of J2 Web Services, Inc. Toll-Free Numbers Using SMS: Due to regulatory requirements, toll-free SMS numbers require verification through an application process. If registration is not pending or completed, SMS messages sent from toll-free numbers will be blocked. For additional information about the registration process, please visit our FAQ page. FAQ PAGE We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information. Cookie SettingsACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT