ResourcesSupportContact UsLog In Why Grasshopper? GET STARTED Overview How It Works Add-On Features Customer Stories TOP FEATURES Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Virtual Receptionist Instant Response Types Of Numbers Vanity Numbers Toll Free Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Current Number Pricing Buy Now Keep personal and business calls separate. Get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. Find additional savings when you choose annual. Buy Now 2.5 billion minutes served 400 million texts sent and received 1 million accounts created Get your perfect business number. Put your best foot forward with the right number for your business. Toll-Free Number Give your business a national presence and sound more professional with a 833, 844, 855, 866, 877, 888, or true 800 number. Vanity Numbers Add a personal flair with a vanity number, like 1-800-YOURBIZ. Local Numbers Create trust and credibility for your locally-run business with a local number in any city of your choice! Start a free trial Already have a number? Port your number to Grasshopper » Why Grasshopper? An affordable virtual phone system With plans starting at just $14 a month, Grasshopper works with your budget. Stay connected on the go The Grasshopper app keeps you reachable to customers, anytime and anyplace. 24/7 support We’re here to help, any time you need us, by phone or chat. No hardware needed Grasshopper works right on your smartphone or computer. You don’t need to buy any additional phones or equipment. It's time to get started! Set up your business number and start calling and texting in four easy steps. Start for free Get started with Grasshopper in 4 easy steps. 1 Choose your Number Choose a Toll-Free, Vanity, or Local number. Or, port your current number! 2 Select your Plan Try Grasshopper free for 7 days, or get started right away with a monthly or annual plan. 3 Download the App Call and text from anywhere on iOS, Android, or desktop. 4 Call and Text Forward to your personal number and start calling and texting right away. Start a free trial I love that Grasshopper can auto-text new clients if I miss their call. It keeps them from just calling someone else. Paul Daniels, 540 Photography Paul uses: Business Texting, Incoming Call Control, and Instant Response My call greeting makes me sound so professional. And my corporate customers love that they can fax me their orders! Kate Motter, Bake it Happen Kate uses: Custom Greetings, Business Texting, and Inbound Fax Our vanity number helps customers easily identify and remember my business. Carl Cyrius, The Oasis Firm Carl uses: Vanity Number, Virtual Fax, and Business Texting This allows me to maintain privacy in my personal and professional lives and also to have more easy access to clients. Diana, Mental Health Therapist Diana uses: Extensions, Virtual Fax, and Voicemail Transcription I’m impressed with the features that Grasshopper offers, and the simplicity of how the system works. Doug Pulliam, Benefit Results, LLC Doug uses: Professional Voice Studio, Voicemail Transcription, and Custom Greetings Grasshopper stays ahead of the curve by anticipating what I’ll need from my business phone system next. Kathy Vitcak, The Blissful Dog Kathy uses: Vanity Number, Virtual Fax, and Business Texting A virtual phone system in your pocket. Grasshopper gives you the features you need to stay connected on the go. Desktop + Mobile Apps Stay connected with Grasshopper on your desktop, iPhone or Android device. Learn more about Mobile + Desktop Apps » Business Texting Provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. Learn more about Business Texting » Call Forwarding Route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. Learn more about Call Forwarding » Voicemail Transcription Get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! Learn more about Voicemail Transcription » VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling Use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor. Learn more about VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling » Voicemail Set up a voicemail for business calls and get MP3s of your messages through email. Learn more about Voicemail » Simultaneous Call Handling Take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal. Learn more about Simultaneous Call Handling » Virtual Fax Have incoming faxes delivered as PDF attachments right to your email inbox. Learn more about Virtual Fax » Extensions Give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules. Learn more about Extensions » Custom Greetings Record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. Learn more about Custom Greetings » Incoming Call Control Screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours. Learn more about Incoming Call Control » Call Transfers Place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed. Learn more about Call Transfers » Reporting Keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. Learn more about Reporting » Business Phone Number Choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. Or port your own for free! Instant Response Automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call. Learn more about Instant Response » Ruby Receptionist Live US-based receptionists can help answer your Grasshopper calls! Learn more about Ruby Receptionists » Call Recording Set up automatic recording for all inbound calls, all outbound calls, or both. Available on every extension. Frequently Asked Questions Is Grasshopper an app? Yes — there is a Grasshopper app (available on iOS, Android and Desktop), where texting, voicemail and settings can be accessed. You can also use Grasshopper without the app to forward calls straight to your phone number What is Grasshopper? Grasshopper is a simple and easy-to-use virtual phone system (calls, texts, custom greetings, extensions, inbound fax, and more) that provides you with a second phone number for your personal phone, so you can keep business and personal calls separate. Does Grasshopper replace my service provider? No. Grasshopper is an entrepreneur phone system that provides a number of great features, including a second phone number, but you still need a service provider for your personal phone number, where your Grasshopper calls will be forwarded. When do I pick my phone number(s)? You pick your main phone number during the sign up process, and any additional numbers are chosen and managed by logging into your Grasshopper account, after checkout. Do I have to pay by the minute? All of our plans include unlimited minutes! Your app usage is restricted only by your carrier’s dataplan. Is Grasshopper a VoIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol) phone service? Grasshopper primarily uses your service provider’s cellular network for incoming and outgoing calls. Grasshopper does offer both WiFi and VoIP Calling options, but they are not the default. How good is Grasshopper’s call quality? The quality and reliability is the exact same as your service provider, since we use their network for all your calls! Choose your business number today. Save time and money with a virtual phone system that works where you work. Start for free Grasshopper Get Started Overview How It Works Customer Stories Top Features Desktop + Mobile Apps Business Texting Call Forwarding VoIP + WiFi Calling Voicemail Transcription Types of Numbers Toll Free Numbers Vanity Numbers Local Numbers Port Your Number Helpful Links Buy Now Referral Program Partners & Affiliates Support Blog Resources Academy Sign In Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GDPR Sitemap Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Copyright 2003-2024 Grasshopper. All Rights Reserved. × Browser not supported. Grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. Please try opening the site using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. I understand, take me to the site anyway